S.B Ballard in Minecraft! Made by me:)

YT is Warrior34k

Oh man, if you had the data pack for armor stands, you could totally add the marching band and the like! 


Nice work.

This is fucking cool nicely done

Will this evolve into a full ODU campus map? I would love to play on that and re-live my college days

This is incredible!! Great work!

Thanks everyone!!

spectacular

Nice job!

Shit looks fire

Dude this is so cool! Incredible work. Would love to be able to play on this world

Nice man

This is amazing!😭❤️

Dude this rocks it looks so cool

this is fire

🔥🔥

This is built on console so unfortunately not with this exact build. I’ve moved to Java now though so yeah it’s definitely possible! If you know of people who could run a server or are interested in a project like that we could set something up!

NSU 🤝 ODU

> Norfolk State University stands with the Old Dominion University community during this difficult time. Our thoughts and our hearts are with ODU’s students, faculty, staff, families, and loved ones, as well as the life that was lost and those recovering from injuries. We also recognize the courage shown by the students who stepped forward to protect others in a moment of crisis. As members of the same Norfolk community, we stand with the entire Monarch family.

Love this!

Thank you NSU…your family.

Ai slop

ICE in Norfolk Around 2:45 pm today, my friend and I saw ICE in a white unmarked van around the Chik-fil-a on campus, and my sister reported that she saw ICE on Hampton over by 26th and 27th street around 4:45 pm today in a black unmarked van. Stay safe yall

ODUPD uses many unmarked police vehicles. Are you sure it wasnt any of them?

Definitely be careful, they’re starting to apply as Uber and Lyft drivers in areas they are trying to infiltrate as well as setting up fake food drives etc

There are no numbered streets in Hampton. You must mean Newport News on the city line.

How do they know it was ICE, alot of vehicles are like that

Great news.  Laws are being enforced.

Cappppp

Not every vehicle is ICE

Take it easy

[Norfolk KYR And Community Food Drive : r/norfolk](https://www.reddit.com/r/norfolk/comments/1qo1awb/norfolk_kyr_and_community_food_drive/)

South Hampton Roads Indivisable is hosting know your rights training in norfolk soon.

I attended in Hampton and in addition to the KYR training they gave information on groups that are helping immigrant families and how to participate in local rapid response groups.

Stay safe? It’s not the boogie man

How do you know it was ICE?

I work for the administration and can confirm the OP is accurate

Wahhhhh

Iceout.org . Real sightings are confirmed, false are gotten rid of.

I've never seen white people so enamored with illegal immigrants...

You do realize that ICE has an office in Norfolk right?  ICE has always been in Norfolk and will
Always be in Norfolk.  This is not a new occurrence.

Posting "public safety warnings" that broadcast law enforcements operations is WHY their vehicles can't say ICE on them... it invites conflict. They need to be able to do a job without inviting more conflict than necessary.

As long as their job doesn’t involve kidnapping toddlers, murdering disarmed U.S. citizens, and shooting non-illegal immigrant people in the face! Oh wait…

LFG. Love it

That’s good, 👍

I knew they'd use the snow storm to move in

Considering we have a Democratic governor now I’m not surprised he’s going after everybody. All the Democratic cities and states none of us are safe.

I think I heard my mom say she saw ICE parked in the Afterglow lot by Ipconfigure getting their Flock cameras tuned while they were having a taco at Sacntuary, then they arrested people after they ate, and picked up their cameras.  I think I heard they were in a blue or red car.  Maybe it was white.  I'm not really sure.  Could have been a van with out of state plates.

I think I am seeing your feed because of Renee Good. Shouldn’t you be happy to see ICE?

I don’t know much about you all, but I thought ODU was a University. Have you never read Governor Youngkin’s Executive Order? It even mentions you all by name.

[Executive Order 47](https://rosetta.virginiamemory.com:443/delivery/DeliveryManagerServlet?dps_pid=IE4126364)

Just saw a red 2015 Chevy Impala at the corner of Main and Maple!😳

At 8:36 am today, I saw a County Waste truck at the corner of Elm and Main. Any other goverment sightings? List here:

just don’t protest up close they killing motherfuckers for anything now

Oh good, maybe they will get the illegals

Why don’t you let them do their job

Just let them do their job and you have nothing to worry about.

Yall are actively saying you’d rather see illegal immigrants rape and murder US citizens, than see people be killed because they didn’t follow lawful orders by federal agents.

Send em all back to their country quit crying and deterring their job

Good. Round em up and ship them home. Tired of almost getting sideswiped on 64 by illegals who are probably drunk.

[deleted]

Believe it or not if you don’t bother them from doing their job they won’t bother you.

If you’re worried about ICE, you shouldn’t be in this country anyways. On top of that, DHS has a field office in Norfolk so that won’t be the only time you see one here. And finally, by doing all of this time stamped spotting BS you’re literally just feeding into this pseudo insurgency so keep that in mind for future endeavors.

Good hopefully they get plenty of illegals out of here and back to where they’re supposed to be

Get er done, ICE.

And?

I reported some illegals. Glad ICE showed up.

On an aside, why does campus police need unmarked vehicles?

Definitely wasn’t ODU cops. I only saw a glimpse of the uniform from when I saw them, but my sister saw their full uniform and confirmed it. I made sure to verify it was them before posting this

what the fuck this is psychotic like genuinely

Do you have the article link? I can’t find anything relating to that and if it’s true I wanna spread the word

Love to see the proof of this. Any links to where you heard this rumor? That does not sound like a very viable tactic since you cant choose your rider. I think you either made this up or the person you heard it from did.

Wow. That's really kind of brilliant.

This was in Norfolk on Hampton blvd. Realized I worded that a bit weird mb

They just want to hear themselves breathe and got to lie no matter what it is about they got to lie

ICE is a terrorist organization.

We saw the uniforms

Could you define “everybody” and then cite an example

Northern Lights at odu right now

At this time of year?

Beautiful

Is this common in this time of the year

It is not Northern lights

This is the first time i’ve ever seen them

Absolutely not haha it's a pretty uncommon solar storm. Been in VA 31 years and this year is the first time I've seen it happen!

Not common for our area at all. The sun recently had two coronal mass elections (aka. solar storms), and they're just reaching us. These second of the two happened to be more powerful than the first. 

The CME is moving at a speed estimate of 1200-1300 Km/S and reached Earth roughly mid-day today (Source: NOAA Space Weather Prediction Center).
[SOURCE: NOAA SWPC Oct 10-11 Link](https://www.swpc.noaa.gov/news/g4-severe-storm-watch-10-11-october)

Nope, I saw them up here in Manassas, well I should say my phone saw them. You can only see them through long exposure photos.

That is NOT common

elaborate

[deleted]

Aurora

Isn’t this literally the worst time to be in Tampa?

[deleted]

You should play the lotto

.....

When I was attending community college a few years ago our calculus professor sent the entire class a shirtless selfie of him in the bathroom at the end of the semester. It appeared he took it while sitting on the toilet. 

He teaches at ODU as well.

Lmfao

I feel I’ve missed something

Gorgeous 

#OD4L

i was just thinkin that

WEAKKKK ASAB😭😭😭😭

They clearly told him to post something with no instructions beyond that

Bruh.  Looks like he's gonna shove a corpse in the McDonald's bathroom.

Drop the @

What?!

This is great

This is the advisor for all history majors

Based

Lol I thought he was just a random

Are we fr

I was recently shown a video of the 2 victims after they were shot. They did not look alive at all. I feel this video may be too dark for it to stay up

They’re at Sentara and as of now both alive but in critical condition

Send?

Thank god

It was one someone else's phone.
It was in 4k too

Damn, are you able to get the video? Or nah

Nah. He didnt send it

Gotchu

Active Threat? ?????

My son sent a snippet of police scanner chatter. I can’t post the screenshot, but below is the relevant part. Not a verified source. 

>>00:44 At this time, we're advised that a female has been shot.

>>00:46 At this time, looks like the shooter was a male and apparently the caller is saying he's been taken down.

This is where I go to check updates for stuff like this so thanks for making a post. I’m in Hixon rn.

Shooter active on second floor of constant hall.

Was just over by there. A girl was screaming to run. Please stay safe everyone.

I’ve got the police scanner on and I heard them say they’ve got two victims.

My son just called and there are 13 cop cars racing past.

All classes and operations suspended for the rest of today.

Shooter down

Nothing on their website yet.

Cop cars parked on either sides of Hampton Boulevard. Around 10-15 fire trucks and cop cars. Avoid and stay safe

Any updates on what's going on?

Per the press conference: One confirmed deceased, two others who were shot are in stable condition.

I heard someone say shots where fired, be safe guys

I am down the road from ODU and you can hear the sirens from here.

Well the website is now updated with active threat message.

Press conference at 2pm

Yes, I was there in Webb, everyone was screaming to run

My coworkers son just called and said that there was an active $hootr that walked into an "ROTC Class" and shot the teacher. Her son then reported that $hootr offed himself.

Apologies for the spelling...I dont want the mods taking this information down

Shooter is down. There were two people shot, rushed to hospital in ambulance in critical condition. School is closed for the rest of the day.

It was confirmed the gunman was a student at ODU. We should be asking ourselves how this individual was accepted into ODU with his prior legal history.

I'm so sorry this evil assaulted the Monarchs, so saddened for ODU;  
remain sharp & outstanding, reach out if I can be of service;  
God is with you

Swat shot the shooter apparently

Can we talk about why ODU’s President, Dr. Hemphill, in all of his correspondence to ODU students/faculty/staff refuses to call it an act of terrorism? “Act of violence” just doesn’t seem to cut it.

Student on the news just said the guy might me Muslim.  Here we fucking go.

Must not be taking the 8-week class announcement well

Yes

It was a matter of time once they banned guns on campus , believe it or not

Shooter active under dean’s desk

Omgg no

What scanner are you using? I thought VBPD started encrypting stuff a couple years ago

Someone said the police caught a student but it’s unverified right now.

Gunman deceased and 2 ROTC students critically injured transported to Sentara Leigh per Wavy

Not a lot on the news right now.

Might be isis inspired. Atleast that’s what wavy10 is saying

Where's this info from? Do you have a link

The alert for students was posted at 1049, I heard it right as sirens started blaring. The university has been on top of it, thankfully.

Constant Hall is the Business School. I don’t believe there’s any ROTC classes.

Was the shooter an ODU student anyone know?

In 2022 VA passed a law that public institutions can't ask about criminal history when someone is applying to become a student.

On one hand I get not wanting to disenfranchise someone from getting an education to turn their life around. 
On the other hand Jalloh, the gunman, was convicted of terrorism charges. That's serious. I put it in the same category of letting a person who was convicted of rape live in college dorms, a horrible idea.

This is incorrect. He screamed “Allahu Akbar” before shooting three people and the ROTC students in the classroom apprehended and killed him. It is being treated as a terrorist attack.

Where was this reported?

Damn this administration doesn't even have to do the propaganda, just let some random kid say whatever comes to the top of their head and roll with it.

Someone mentioned above they targeted an ROTC class

Highly doubt they were. If it was politically/terrorist motivated, I would be really suspicious if they walked in and shot only 2 people.

Look, it's a good joke but Imma need you to stop

This shouldnt have made me laugh rn💀

Really not the time.

lol

Tell us all how having guns on campus would have prevented this?

I Agree, If We Ban them only Criminals and Terrorists will have them.

SPCA comforting all

That’s so nice of them

Good people there

Honestly this is cool as hell and mutually beneficial. I’m a grown ass man and sometimes I just need to go home and hang out with my dog. Life can get shitty, but animals help keep me in the moment. It’s just me and my pal for the next few hours before bed. 

Nothing else matters.

Hopefully someone lets the ~25 Army ROTC cadets actually in the class that was attacked know about this.

Lowkey, I need a friend to come. One of my friends have a boyfriend and I don’t want her to get the wrong idea. I would take my homeboy but I feel like that’s gay. I have a family member nearby but I feel like that’s weird. IDK what to do🤷

Constant Hall will remain closed for the remainder of the semester. All classes will be moved to other buildings across campus.

Damn some of yall can’t READ

okay so this doesn't make me feel great I kinda wanted to just go to class and process shit that way but also I understand that for people who aren't ready to do that the effect is so much worse so I'm like. yeah do the option that mitigates the trauma response hope you guys are holding up well

are the students gonna have to do their classes online? some people ONLY have classes in the building. this decision seemed to be made awfully soon.

It would be great if they lived the class online tbh because where and how they gonna squeeze these classes like …..

Y'all be safe...and RIP to those that lost their lives.

Where u see this

This could also be a way of keeping the space free for law enforcement to investigate. It's gonna be rough.

It’s a crime scene. It will have to remain closed for however long it takes for law enforcement to do everything they need to do. When the Parkland shooting happened, that classroom building was closed for years.

if you read the email, it says they’ll be shifted to other campus locations.

[deleted]

Hemphill sent out a email to all students. 

The full text is here:

“Dear Members of the Old Dominion University Campus Community:

In the wake of yesterday’s horrific tragedy, I want to share several thoughts with you and also provide some campus specific details.

Earlier today, I shared a tribute to Lt. Col. Brandon A. Shah ’07, the dedicated Monarch, public servant, and true hero, who tragically had his life taken far too early. I so appreciate Lt. Col. Shah for how much he gave to our University. If you have not already done so, please take a moment to honor his life, mourn his loss, salute his service, and reflect on his contributions.

Today, I also visited the wounded ROTC student, who remains in the hospital. I am pleased to report that he is recovering from his wounds under the care of our exceptional medical team and in the presence of his family. Another wounded ROTC student is recovering at home. Their courage and resilience are an inspiration, and I know we all look forward to their return to campus.

The grace and unity that our campus community demonstrated during this tragic incident and in the hours that followed have been a source of strength. As many Monarchs will be away from campus in the coming week, this will undoubtedly be a time of reflection. For employees, we will reopen this coming Monday (March 16, 2026) with necessary flexibility to accommodate individual circumstances.

Counseling will continue to be available for anyone on our campus and in our community. Counseling services and 24/7 crisis support are available for any students, faculty, and staff who may need emotional support following this incident. Trained professionals are available to listen, provide confidential care, and help connect individuals with additional support resources. Please visit https://www.odu.edu/emergency-management/support-resources for specific details.

For individuals with personal belongings and other items left in Constant Hall, pick up will be available tomorrow (Saturday, March 14, 2026) in the Center Café located in the Webb Center beginning at 11 a.m. and ending at 8 p.m. The location and hours will remain the same for the following day (Sunday, March 15, 2026).

Constant Hall will remain closed for classes and other student activities for the duration of the Spring 2026 semester. The Registrar is working with various campus partners to determine new building and room assignments, which will be communicated directly to both faculty and students prior to the conclusion of Spring Break.

Dean Erika Marsillac, Ph.D. will work with faculty and staff in the Strome College of Business to determine the best approach for offices located in Constant Hall. Options include temporary workspaces and remote work through the current term.

The University will develop a long-term plan for the building. The configuration and utilization beyond Spring 2026 is under careful consideration. Those details will be announced once finalized.

The investigation into yesterday’s tragic event is continuing, and we are providing any and all assistance to the FBI and local law enforcement. I express my sincere appreciation to them, as well as elected officials and community partners for their concern, outreach, and support for the Monarch Nation.

In the coming week and moving forward, we will keep you informed of developments regarding the ongoing investigation and future plans. While this is a very somber time for our campus community, we have the determination, resilience, and strength to follow the example set by Lt. Col. Shah in his many roles as a Monarch student and alumnus, brave soldier, engaging mentor, revered teacher, exemplary leader, and his most important roles as a husband, father, and friend.


Forever Monarch Strong,

Brian O. Hemphill, Ph.D.
President”

oh rip I forgot it was an active crime scene when I wrote this I just figured yeah we kinda know what happened

[deleted]

Yes I do. Between all of campus there will be rooms in buildings that are unoccupied for periods of time throughout the day and can be used for classes. Have you never walked through hallways and seen empty classrooms? I see that all the time in BAL

[deleted]

Nope. I actually didn't say that. What I am guessing they will do if for example there was a class in Constant at 8am, they will search a database and see that room 100 in BAL is free that time, so for the rest of the semester that particular class will be in BAL at 8am. Now do that process for every class in Constant throughout whatever buildings are available in campus.

[deleted]

ODI has a myriad of conference rooms, ballrooms, computer labs, etc that will probably be assigned classes in addition to the already unoccupied classroom. I don't think they will have too much of a problem fitting all of the classes but I imagine there will be some impact to the extra events hosted throughout the semester.

I think you underestimate how many rooms there are at ODU haha. There's always unused classrooms, even at the peak hours of the day

PETITION TO REMOVE GLENN YOUNGKIN AS SPEAKER FOR ODU 2023 GRADUATION

The rock at the school was painted with this link: 

https://youngkoff.carrd.co/

Ngl, I kinda hope he shows up and gets booed offstage

What is he thinking? My guess is less than 20% of the parents in that room voted for him. 🫣

[deleted]

Remember when he worked in the Private sector and almost got BAE's ship yard closed down?

Why wait until ~2 weeks before the graduation to make a petition?

Why are we trying to remove him, because we disagree with him?  Do we realize how absurd that is? (I don't agree with his politics)

What a bunch of crybabies. I don’t even remember who spoke when I graduated. Take your degree and move on with your life.

Sweet sweet liberal tears. Oh boo hoo. Cry liberal cry.

Hey, great job guys. You can’t even get 1000 RANDOM people off the internet to signup. Nice work.

Because of the large out of state population I’d assume

From what i understand based on the petition, many are unhappy with his position on transgender rights, critical race theory, and other non-progressive stances.  In a school with plenty of black students, a speaker who opposes the teaching of critical race theory is a terrible look.

He’s shown next to zero interest in doing anything related to Virginia and is using the office as a hub from which to continually jet set around the country campaigning for bigger office.  He seems happy to just use taxpayers’ $ to photo op and parrot right wing agenda talking points to pad his political resume.  Surprised he can find Richmond on a map.

He has an R next to his name

He has been successful outside of government.

Leftists and Nazis hate him.

He believes in facts and science.

I don't think it was announced until now

It wasn’t announced until this morning. And not even on any of the socials just this one obscure article. They’re trying to keep quiet about it it seems.

https://www.odu.edu/article/governor-glenn-youngkin-and-professor-and-eminent-scholar-nina-brown-edd-to-serve-as-may

For a University that portrays "equality" and "inclusivity" among all its students, having the governor as a speaker really contradicts what the college "values". I don't care about what political party anyone belongs to but if you're actively trying to implement policies that hurt individuals lives then you don't deserve to even show your face to a group of people you don't even care about.

Edit: Spelled a word wrong

That is exactly why.

I never heard such whiny, cry-baby morons than when the orange buffoon lost the election. Y’all sucked so much Cheeto cock that you cried when he couldn’t whip it out for you anymore.

Haha this comment didnt age well

Blue waffle? More like twat waffle.

[deleted]

Just boo him. Or stand up and walk out. Or turn around. Or read a comically large newspaper.

Lots of more effective options than whinging online, especially when ODU is a state institution.

It’s a money play he is ensuring us that we get proper funding Hemphill knows what he’s doing

You must've missed the "million" losers in pink hats that cried when he won. Boo hoo.

Did big mean orange man say something that hurt your feelings?

Hahahahahahhhah that was good. Are you 5?

[deleted]

I think the point of the petition is to bring attention. Realistically we know he still is gonna show up. No one knew about it until just recently and the president has told various departments at the school not to speak about it. Now that students are finding out , most are planning what you just suggested.

There are many ways to make change, and one of those ways is through petitions. Not only did I learn something I didn't know about 10 minutes ago, over 1,000 people have signed that they disapprove of this decision. Thats no small beans. That shows the school admins that the students are paying attention and will be vocal about their distaste and disapproval.

You mean a million people who couldn’t believe there were this many idiots in this nation to elect a blatant crook and child perv and still call themselves christian?

No, he’s just a crook, a thief, a liar and a fat slob. But man, you love sucking his schlong don’t you?

[deleted]

I would venture to guess most policy changes hurt (and help) individuals lives. That is true on both sides. I doubt many policies "help everyone." 

What evidence is there that the governor doesn't care about the students lives?  I've had 2 different speakers at commencements. Am I naive enough to believe the speaker cared about me, LOL?  

You don't have to agree with the commencement speaker.  They will come in and make a rah rah speech and leave and you will get your diploma. We don't need any cancelling.

Ahh I love the sound of false accusations in the morning. Math teachers everywhere: Show your work!

Speaking of work, isn't your Wendy's shift about to start?

Ngl, thought it was just sarcasm.

Beats whatever your mom was doing last night.

There’s pics you fucking idiot.

Come on, mom jokes? Even a single brain cell liberal like yourself can think of something more clever than that. 

The onus of proof is on the individual that brings the claim. You still haven't provided any proof. Here, let me help you. This is what Google shows when you search child predator President. Spoiler, it's not Trump!

https://www.thetimes.co.uk/imageserver/image/%2Fmethode%2Ftimes%2Fprod%2Fweb%2Fbin%2Fb2467970-5578-11e9-a8f5-a9ee11ff7e6d.png?crop=1500%2C1200%2C0%2C0&resize=412

Says the result of incest and their Wendy’s joke

ODU You Are Lucky I’m a Senior What a load of bull this 8 week transition is. I’m registering for classes and the ones I need to finish out aren’t even being offered! And anyone can just register for a class, no seats or class sizes. My last semester too. If you are a freshman or a sophomore, get out of this while you can. Go on campus or transfer. This school is falling from grace. I pray this does not devalue my degree. This school needs an administration overhaul.

Same boat. I did ODUs online because it allowed me to work full time and get my degree without the online school reputation. I’m a senior so transferring isn’t really an option. Wish GMU had the online option when I was looking. 

Edit: typo.

This is another predictable side-effect of the board rushing this transition. There just aren't enough people available who can transition all of these courses quickly. It's A LOT of work and from what I heard faculty only got consultants to help them this semester. Mind you, ODU could have just paid faculty on campus more and hired assistants, but the business people on the board have terminal corporate brain. The Fall is going to be a shit show for these 8-week courses.

I just reached out to my advisor and dept heads for a similar issue. They did say they are working on scheduling still for online classes and they should be available. When they'll be available is still TBD and I wish they would have given us advanced notice. But I'm sure it's not isolated to just my dept with the scheduling and registration issues. 

ETA: My advisor said don't panic if you're a global student. They are reformatting courses to become capless, meaning no limit on seats moving forward and they are expecting courses to be available before the end of summer so keep an eye out.

If you look at NSU they did the same years ago and people lost their credition. Reason I chose here over NSU.....

Yup I'm a junior, so I'll stick it out for just two more semesters. I do NOT envy those coming in behind us though

One of the best ways to turn this back is to absolutely slam these courses with student feedback when it goes live. Hit on every metric: class grades, course completion, student retention. Get vocal with the college deans for your courses.

I’m very confused on how these courses will even work honestly. Are Global students essentially being repeated from On campus students? This is what scares me because am I even going to be assigned an actual professor at ODU or just someone that’s deemed privy to the information taught?

i have a meeting tomorrow for classes, am i screwed 🫣

I completely agree. I’m not sure I want to go back in the fall and I’m a senior too.

I am transferring out after this semester. I still have 4 semesters left so I wasn't going to endure this another 2 years. I'm an online student and after this semester I'm moving back home to NY to care for my elderly mother. I feel like I'm wasting my money and time going to ODU online. The professors don't reply to your emails and you're basically teaching yourself everything! I'm going to Fort Hays State University Online and it's half the cost and they don't charge out of state tuition for online students. It's also hands on aka more labs and homework for tech degrees. I'm going for Information Technology at ODU and everything is a discussion board, quiz or test. I'm doing Cybersecurity at FHSU and will still graduate in May 2028 and it's less than $5000 a semester and that's at 18 credits a semester.

Im in the middle of my masters and they did this shit. Its so ridiculous and they are gonna see it fail QUICKLY

What are you majoring in?

It’s kinda happening everywhere now

So sorry about this. I will not be continuing my education with ODU once I graduate. Leadership has failed us in so many ways.

It kinda sounds like I managed to dodge a bullet since I graduated summer 2025.

Being able to do online classes, while I hated/ struggled with the format, was the only was to finish my degree while also working full time. Plus I'd rather not drive 1 ½ hours just for classes 2-3 times a week.

I guess it depends on your degree, but George Mason has an online component. Although, I've only looked at their graduate programs. Maybe they don't offer undergraduate studies online.

But when is registration open to the public? Those classes may fill up when we should have gotten first dibs. Even if they are just letting anyone register, they could pull the rug from under us if too many signed up.

do you have any sources where i could read more about this? what programs lost credition?

The faculty are being forced into this too. So if you slam the University with feedback, go easy on the professors who don't want this either.

The only people this would affect are the instructors most of whom  are not happy about this change either.

So far the rumor mill is saying that you'll register to these massive 999+ seat classes, they'll randomly assign us professors, and supposedly if there are more students than professors they'll be pulling adjunct professors. I have not seen this confirmed by ODU. But, my advisor and dept head are swearing that I don't need to stress about having no registration access because I'm guaranteed a seat. While the system in the past was a challenge in and of itself if you weren't able to register ASAP, I really appreciated being able to choose from limited professor options and see how many seats were available to secure my spot. I'm not saying I think expanding class sizes is a bad thing, but are the professors gonna be given fair accomodations with this or just buried alive with more students than they can reasonably support?

There is no distinction between campus and online when it comes to assigned faculty. The same process of assigning faculty applies to any section.

Just register yourself, I feel like advising is kinda pointless, just go on degreeworks and see what classes you need left which also work with your schedule

They're working on fixing all the registration bugs, but if your classes aren't available I'd probably postpone that meeting. Scheduling is super behind and has to fix a lot of online classes because they're not showing as available at all.

I still have assignments from week 2 that haven't been graded.

Just FYI ODU doesn’t charge out of state tuition for online students. They charge out of state tuition to people who aren’t legal Virginia residents. That’s a Virginia law. Has nothing to do with the school.

Information Systems and Technology

I looked at my program (IT), and they seem to now at least offer online.

Registration is open today, but online classes are not showing as available for many online students so nobody can register. My advisor said don't stress about limits on class size. They will be available to register at some point in the future and we'll be randomly distributed among the professors/courses. There is no more choosing your professor or your preferred schedule. It's just gonna be a random assignment, essentially.

Open registration was supposed to be today, but it opened a day early, yesterday. I hope everyone gets the classes they need :(

We have been told that the "cap" for any given class will be not be changing.

Also, just to be clear: we already use adjuncts for online courses, without taking into account this system. The adjunctification of higher education has been happening long before now, and while this may slightly increase the number of adjuncts we need (mostly due to the potential of having students overloaded into a given 8-week window) it likely will not increase the larger balance of full-time/adjunct labor.

I’m looking at going to ODU for Cybersecurity. It sounds like the school is going through some growing pains.

Man, sry you're in a bit of a pickle. It quite possibly would be extra money and headache to transfer so late in the game. Regardless, best wishes!

Many of GMU’s online courses are already 8 weeks. It’s why I transferred to ODU instead. I’m also a senior and I know I can’t handle 8 week classes, I’ve got bad ADHD and I already fall behind in 16 week classes. So I think I’ll just be dropping out and finish my degree in the future at a degree mill cheaper than this one.

My advisor said the new format is gonna be no cap on class sizes for online. Someone else said that they were told by their advisor that we just basically enter a pool if that makes sense, like register for the classes that say 999+ seats multiple professors. Then we're supposed to be randomly assigned 4 weeks before the start of the semester to a class/professor.

Thank you for explaining and clarifying for me. I'm just very curious as to how this will work. I guess with the semesters split that opens up more options for class registration to a degree. It just seems odd to me when most classes historically for me have capped at 35 max and it feels like there have typically been like 1-2 classes max available for registration at any given time for global classes it's hard to wrap my head around this system appearing like a free for all from an outside perspective.

If you are a senior, as hard as it is going to be, just tough it out. Make calendar appointments for your assessments and whatever else you need to do to finish. Odu still has some prestige, there is no telling how much will transfer over and you are almost done. 

You got this! 

As someone who didn't finish his degree until later in life, it is worth getting it done so you don't lose the motivation to continue.

Question, did GMUs classes have the same thing where you don’t know your professor tell like 4 weeks before?

Man that's stupid. I'm currently an undergrad, but since I'm taking a class that is combined undergrad and grad, we get an asynchronous 8 week class too... but at least we *know* who our professor is (last I checked), even if we were pidgeon-holed into a single class lol

Do we know if we can at least change what prof we get once they are assigned?

I’m already working full time bc my aid package got cut this year and costs went up massively across the board. I’m failing two 16 week classes. It’s not worth more debt for a predetermined outcome. I can hardly keep up right now. Signing up for 8 week courses would just be taking on more debt for in exchange for Fs.

Idk that this place has any "prestige" outside of Hampton Roads. I was in higher ed in a neighboring state for 20 years and never heard of it til I came here. ODU admin likes to think this place is a big deal but it's easily 4th or 5th place IN VIRGINIA, let alone beyond

Occasionally. NOVA had the same thing as well. I could normally dodge it by signing up early in registration.

They haven't confirmed or denied yet, but I'm gonna assume it's probably unlikely. With how this new system is set up I feel like we're gonna find out our assignments last minute and they're gonna tell us to take who we get. It really feels like they're taking away all of our autonomy and choice at this point. They may make it a thing where you're able to request it, but I doubt there will be much room to shuffle students with them opening the flood gates for all classes instead of limiting seats to appropriate class sizes for the professors they already have able and willing to teach these classes.

I might actually shop around and see if other universities offer a transfer that doesn’t require restarting.

That's what I'd be doing if I wasn't out of state and depending on tuition assistance from a family member being an employee lol. I tried to transfer to my home state after moving from VA and it didn't go well with the transfer credits so I'm trying to tough out my senior year and just get done with this degree.

I’m gonna ask other state schools and see what the transfer looks like.

Good luck! I hope it works out well for you!

Leadership failure We can’t blame the shooting on the administration but we can blame them for the absolutely abysmal response. Every message reads like a lawyer (and not a very good one) wrote it. There’s no genuine compassion or care or concern in any of the messages. It’s all generic and impersonal. They all read like ChatGPT, except that I think ChatGPT would do better. This latest move is baffling. Faculty already hate them and now students will too. Is the board paying any attention? This isn’t leadership. It’s ineptitude. The president is over his head and so is whoever is advising him. If he is even letting anyone advise him.

(Professor here)
Colleges and universities tend to be “reactive” instead of “proactive” when it comes to school shootings. Professors who may raise concerns about a student are often dismissed, and Administrators default to the side of the student. Also, faculty and staff are supposed to be trained to spot signs of student distress, but most people tend to ignore it. People buy into the “false sense of security” a college campus provides, and they are terrified of “getting it wrong” when it comes to student behavior. So if a shooting happens, they get to say “How did this happen?” instead of perhaps getting faculty/staff to pay more attention to students, getting them to speak up when something seems wrong, and acting out of an abundance of caution when it comes to possible threats.

The shooter was in my department on the Tuesday before the shooting, and I saw him. I tend to ignore students if they aren’t my majors specifically. Going forward, I will scrutinize every person coming into our department and am inclined to report anyone who seems suspicious.

Oh, I thought you meant the immediate response. I thought the university police response was pretty good. They were tearing down the road within a minute or two.

I would take it one step further and say that we can partly blame them for the shooting. This isn’t the first time we’ve had a shooting on campus but the administration doesn’t take any action to increase the safety and security of our campus. 

The fact of the matter is that even after this shooting our safety on campus is still not being addressed for how compromised it makes any on campus student to a variety of threats (except for closing Constant for the rest of the semester), which is made even more ridiculous when you consider that the leadership seems more concerned over changing online classes from 16 weeks to 8 weeks.

[deleted]

I agreee. Broderick would’ve closed campus down for the rest of the semester and we would’ve came back in the fall to new state of the art security systems.

Other than the messaging feedback, what could be done differently to secure campus

Likely Dennis gregory or some other Schmuck from higher ed dept

This latest "response" from leadership (i.e the questionnaire) doesnt even address the real concerns about safety and just turn it back on a student body that's still processing and grieving what happened.

The board needs most of its members cleared out. I hope Spanberger is looking into firing lots of them. They are a BIG reason why the campus was in crisis before this shooting. They decided to force the super rushed 8-week shift and ignore faculty concerns. I've seen amazing things from faculty and stuff this week, but admin is still so far from regaining trust.

Re: your last statement "if he is even letting anyone advise him" -- he is 100% not. The relationship he wants with upper administration is compliance/obedience, not discussion or debate, and anyone who disagrees with him or asks inconvenient questions is shown the door. One Dean was fired for asking cogent questions about the enrollment goals and the metrics for figuring out if we'd achieved them. Another was fired for pushing back when admin took state funding intended to improve faculty salaries in a key area and decided to do other (unspecified] things with it with no transparency. Another was fired for not being sufficiently pro-AI when bowtie wanted to pretend that odu is some kind of AI powerhouse. 2 deans were removed basically for being too old. Decisions are made unilatally by the bowtie and then pushed down - no advising, no discussion, no debate. The only people left in his inner circle are either mercenary or spineless enough not to disagree with his Amazing Ideas.

there is no leadership, just cookie cutter responses to deny liability for anything and constantly gaslight students and faculty for their own failings.

I would say what many of you expect is impossible, especially for a public university. We are a litigious society so most leaders need the permission of the legal departments to say what they want. I have had conversations with Dr Hemphill and he really cares about students.

Police response was excellent. But leadership has been terrible since.

[deleted]

what kind of actions could be taken to increase safety and security on campus?

How are / why are you blaming leadership on the actions of an unstable student. What do you get out of posting on Reddit anonymously have you contacted the school about your concerns

Considering the fact he was a student, that wouldn't have stopped this horror.

That said, it should be done anyway for randos off the street.

We even have that system in place we just don’t use it. If u try to access certain buildings later in the day you have to use an id I never u see stood why it wasn’t always a thing. But yeah Norfolk TCC won’t let u in unless u show id

Where would this money come from and was the money already slotted for another project on campus

> new state of the art security systems

Like what?

And that would be a trajesty too because some of us want to get this semester finished so we can, you know, graduate.

It is more about trite messages that mean nothing and not real sentiment or concern.

Spot on.

💯

Well he sure as fuck doesn’t care about faculty or their opinions on anything.

I've also had plenty of conversations with him and as far as I can tell he cares only about himself and his image. He's a textbook narcissist, and his response to people who disagree with him is straight out of the DSM (see: "narcissistic splitting") They call him Trumphill because he suffers from the same personality disorder as that other malignant narcissist.

Maybe it took a while for information to spread, my son ran it was on the phone with me and ran out at 10:46 and by the time he got back to his apartment at university Village at 10:49the police rolling up

I feel like an easy one is locking all doors for buildings on campus and needing an ODU ID to access them. Everyone already has an id and most buildings on campus already have id readers so it’s not as if the tech isn’t already there. Besides that I would also suggest adding more security personnel/fortification around parts of campus like Kauffman Mall, Monarch Way, or the Quad Areas where a lot of people already are.

However, the bigger problem isn’t that the university is struggling to find solutions for safety, but rather that I at least feel like they aren’t even trying. Someone went into a building he probably wasn’t supposed to be in with a firearm he definitely wasn’t allowed to have and nobody stopped him before lives were already jeopardized. Yet leadership still says ODU is safe? To me that sounds like bullshit.

I’m not saying the administration is 100% the reason why the shooting happened and we should solely blame them. I was saying that we could partly blame the administration for how they address these situations (both past and present). 

As for questioning why I’m posting on reddit idk what you want me to say. It’s Reddit I’m obviously gonna be anonymous. I’ve thought about contacting the administration and I still might to express my concern.

Funding for projects on campus are approved by the state two years in advance. But ODU also has emergency pockets of funding for said purposes of emergencies.

You still can graduate. Think about those of us who graduated during Covid…lol

Welcome to Reddit since you created an account for this topic.

Interesting. I as my experience has been the opposite. I've been part of the community since Koch and know many college Presidents, he's one of the better ones.

You can’t lock down a public university campus like this. I understand there the instinct comes from, but it is not a feasible solution to the situation.

That would be impossible to enforce. There’s so many guest that come in and out all throughout the campus, especially the Webb Center. Conferences, expo, tours etc.

Interesting. Better in what way? I didnt know any of the predecessors tho I've met Jim Koch a few times. Personally I find Bowtie to be a pompous and insufferable a-hole.

If you don’t like the idea that’s fine. It’s not like I spent hours thinking of them anyway. I was just answering a question. But once again the main point is that the university isn’t going to do anything about it regardless, and that’s a bigger problem.

Agreed. Seems like this would only sort of work after hours. Otherwise there’s too much foot traffic going in and out and it’s easy for anybody to just piggyback off the first in a crowd to badge the door. Even at night, someone is just going to hang around until someone comes along with access. “Oh I forgot my badge”. Unless there’s security in every building to do something about an individual trying to come in, there isn’t much that can be done. Besides the fact it’s more likely to happen during the day if it’s a situation like what just happened.

Growth and Stability. Like Koch he has escalated the Universities profile. Enrollment is down across the country, giving is down, but ODU is seeing online gains and record giving. Federal dollars are disappearing for higher ed so third is needed to survive and thrive.

His ability to grow the University is amazing. We have been trailing behind other Universities for far too long on facilities. The new plan and his ability to get us there is very impactful. 

Pres Koch was cool. You can see the progression as he upgraded our University profile.

The Board of Visitors Response is Remarkably Tone Death

The BOV’s insinuation that faculty don’t care about supporting students right now is appalling and the true disgrace here, and a perfect example of their lack of respect for shared governance. Faculty Senate tried to do what is in their power to actually do something, bring up genuine concerns, and then the BOV belittles them for it because Hemphill already thought of the idea? It’s pathetic. Have they considered that a FACULTY MEMBER - their colleague, their coworker, was a victim of gun violence? Faculty have every right to be terrified right now and yet they have been nothing but selflessly supportive and understanding to their students. I am at a loss for how disrespectful and insulting the BOV is to both faculty and students at this point.

I think you mean tone deaf.

In the email attachment did anyone catch this part?

"... That work requires true professionalism and good faith engagement. Individuals who are unwilling to operate within these expectations should reflect on whether this institution remains the appropriate academic and professional home for them, because we will continue in this direction under the capable, skillful, and visionary leadership of President Hemphill."

This is how they're talking to faculty. Ew.

I'm so disgusted by their last few emails, firstly- the faculty senate didn't email their complaints to the entire student body, so why is the BOV doing so?? This is tacky and rude. Secondly, attaching an email that shows a documented concern about Constance hall a few years ago along with the caveat "it was addressed" doesn't actually make me feel any better. HOW was it addressed? What are these "fire concerns" eluded to- why is it other campuses can lock buildings and require key card/student ID entrances? And while I see their point that this is all unrelated to the 8 week semester fiasco they're pushing on students and faculty despite widespread opposition and concern and a complete lack of debate and feedback- it does go to a pattern of disregard for faculty concerns over bureaucratic BS.   The Board of Visitors is a \*political entity\*, and it is clear that student success and safety is not the priority- increased enrollment and tuition/fees are the real priority.

Honestly, the amount of tone deafness from the entire ODU administration has been crazy. 

This one's wild though, really feels like they are using the shooting to distract from their previous fuck ups

I called this out in my interview with channel 3, but it didnt make the final cut

As an alumni who graduated in 2021, this email comes off as grossly unprofessional and disgusting, only serving to further /their/ own agenda. Between this, the blatant disregard for faculty concerns with this push to become Virginia’s University of Phoenix, this AI partnership with Google that no one asked for, and the seemingly blank check and blind loyalty the Board of Visitors is giving, I am very hesitant to come back for a second degree. I’ll take my money to UVA if this childish nature from the BoV persists, because this is definitely not the ODU I attended under John Broderick.

The BOV is meeting on the 31st in a public meeting about tuition and fees- there will be time for public comments at the end! Let's put those awesome ODU public speaking, political science, informational literacy, advocacy, and English skills to work... instructions say "Requests must be made in writing via email ([mkarlis@odu.edu](mailto:mkarlis@odu.edu)) and will be accepted on a first-come, first served basis. Registered speakers will have up to three minutes to speak, and comment must be limited to the topic of undergraduate tuition and mandatory fee increases."

[https://www.odu.edu/bov/agendas-minutes/2026-2027/03-20-26](https://www.odu.edu/bov/agendas-minutes/2026-2027/03-20-26)

Does anyone else feel like it’s a bit passive aggressive too? They seem more worried about throwing shots than listening. It’s kind of disgusting

Full Email:

“Members of the Campus Community,

 

On behalf of the Board of Visitors, I am reaching out to share our unwavering support for our Monarch family following the March 12, 2026 tragic shooting. Every member of the Board stands with our caring community during this very difficult time.

 

I have been both encouraged and inspired by the way this community has embraced our campus. There has been a constant outpouring of support from businesses, citizens, and groups. It is very clear that Hampton Roads, the Commonwealth of Virginia, and the nation are embracing Monarchs in what is our darkest moment. Counseling professionals have come from both near and far to offer their expertise. Therapy dogs can be seen all across our campus. And, businesses have offered experiences and services at no cost. These are just a few examples of how individuals are showing up for our beloved institution and those who are proud to call it home.

 

While many are in search of a new sense of normal, there is no shortage of engagement and signs of support in an effort to both grieve and heal. From Campus Care Stations to quiet moments of reflection and personal engagements with colleagues and peers, this campus has truly showed up for each other. In addition to external support, there are many messages of encouragement and offers to help.

 

Yesterday, the Board of Visitors received a direct outreach from the Faculty Senate, claiming to me and other members of the Board, that an October 2024 safety concern from a faculty member to President Hemphill went unanswered. That specific outreach actually resulted in direct engagement from Chief of Police Garrett Shelton, at the direction of President Hemphill, within one business day. I have personally reviewed all e-mail communication and actions taken by President Hemphill and his team regarding this matter, and the Faculty Senate’s claim is categorically false.

 

The Faculty Senate went on to claim that mismanagement of the University led to the March 12, 2026 terror attack. As I shared in my direct response to the Faculty Senate, which is attached and linked below, such a claim is inaccurate and insensitive – not to mention disgraceful. To link this tragedy to University leadership generally and President Hemphill specifically is a distasteful reflection of the role and work of the Faculty Senate. This is a time when faculty leadership should focus on building up this institution and supporting a community in the midst of a grieving and healing process.

 

The Faculty Senate also called for an independent review, which is already in process due to President Hemphill’s thoughtful leadership and quick action. And, while the Faculty Senate is requesting the formation of a dedicated committee, any such action by the University would be premature prior to the completion of the independent review, as outside experts with varied experiences and critical insights are best positioned to conduct their review first.

 

As we process this profound tragedy, it is important for Monarchs to remain strong and united. It is essential that we maintain the integrity of our focus and our mission. And, for the Faculty Senate to conflate a targeted act of terrorism with a vote of no confidence is not only a factual reach, but it also diminishes the significance of the tragedy. I want to be clear that exploiting a tragedy to advance a pre-existing political or personal agenda is beneath the professional standards of this institution. Now is the time for communal grace, not for opportunistic divisiveness.

 

We ask the Faculty Senate to lead by example in prioritizing the emotional, mental, and physical safety of all Monarchs and those impacted by this tragedy. The Board finds the Faculty Senate’s attempts to leverage this moment of mourning to further their vote of no confidence as displaying a significant lack of empathy and questionable judgment. In times of difficulty and distress, we must remain focused by avoiding actions and reactions that attempt to link unrelated situations. And, in the midst of a healing and recovery journey, these actions are simply not appropriate.

 

The strength of Old Dominion University has always been grounded in our shared commitment to one another and to the pursuit of truth. Let us honor that legacy now by choosing compassion over conflict. By focusing our collective energy on the welfare of our students, faculty, and staff and the memory of Lt. Col. Brandon A. Shah, we ensure that the light of our community remains bright. Together, we will navigate this journey toward healing. We will emerge not only as a campus that endured, but as one that rose to meet its darkest hour with dignity, grace, and an unbreakable Monarch spirit.

 

Monarch Strong,

Murry

 

P. Murry Pitts

Rector

Old Dominion University Board of Visitors

 

ATTACHMENT (Adobe PDF File): Faculty Senate E-mails and Board of Visitors Response

 

Sent on behalf of the Old Dominion University Board of Visitors to all students, faculty, and staff”

Every response from admin after this event has made me progressively more upset

Honestly I’m not surprised, ODU admin lacks accountability and would rather be passive aggressive than professional and mature. I’m just waiting to get this degree so I don’t have to deal with this mess anymore.

As an alum of Old Dominion, I found this very embarrassing and inappropriate to send to the campus wide community. It seems the rector does not know higher education culture. 

If it were me, I would have asked the faculty Senate to meet and discuss this as adults.

I’ve heard so many troubling rumors about my alma mater — very disappointed.

While I completely agree with the notion that: 

“exploiting a tragedy to advance a pre-existing political or personal agenda is beneath the professional standards of this institution. Now is the time for communal grace, not for opportunistic divisiveness.”

I question if this email (sent to students) is falling short of this ideal.

The university didn't have a counseling option for HALF of faculty until we complained and they amended their policy. They also asked us to VOLUNTEER to be makeshift counselors for students, even though mental health professionals told us we are not qualified, AT ALL, to deal with a student in crisis. It's been a disrespectful, exploitative shit show from admin. Monarch strong? Strong in pissing everyone off.

Taking notes from Trump's communications team, I see.

Genuinely what the fuck is going on. Why is this being aired out in my school email inbox. So extremely unprofessional to create a word document with private emails and attach them to this message sent to students as gotcha receipts. I love my professors at ODU. I hate the current clown circus of an administration on campus. I have already decided I will not pursue a Masters in Computer Science here because of their stunt with 8 week classes mandatory for online students, as I wanted to be apart of their provisional student program which would require me to take math classes prior to completing master level courses. I can't take fucking Calc online in only 8 weeks. And most people completing Masters are working full time jobs.


And you know what, there is a concerning lack of security measures on campus. What about the two people who shot each other and were killed last year outside of Broderick after starting a fight at the Rec center. Why are ODU Global students and non students allowed to use facilities? I get access to the library, as it is public. But really, access to the Rec Center? Able to come inside classroom buildings during school hours with no purpose to be there? I'm just ranting now, but I'm genuinely so pissed at the lack of professionalism. I don't fucking care about the "visionary leadership", circle jerk the BOV and Hemphill have going on, what matters TOO ME is MY education, not the fucking competitive future of ODU, and it is decreasing in quality and value with each semester. I used to be proud to be at ODU, it's an affordable college with good professors. Now it truly feels like I'm exchanging money for credits to get a piece of paper. My undergraduate experience has already not been mentally stimulating at 16 weeks. What are we doing in college, if we aren't interacting in person at all to develop genuine networks, barely covering the actual theories behind course material that now is being generated by AI (on my teachers end) for AI (on my peers end), and now you are suggesting it's only 8 weeks? Wtf

This is exactly the time to talk about things. What a non-educated comment by the board of visitors shame on them. I hope they all lose their jobs for how non-transparent they have been.

Did they even read the complains from faculty before labelling them as false? I can only see the mails from faculty as showing their concern and worry. There doesn’t seem to be anything outrageous said about Hemphill. 

They just seem to say the concerns expressed r not what they care about and feeling of BOV and President are their only concern here.

Someone copy and paste the email into a AI checker. I’m sure this text is mostly (if not entirely) written by AI. Speaks volumes that our administration can’t even be bothered to actually write a genuine response.

They just care about ‘clearing their name’ and taking no responsibility legally I’m sure that opens them to lawsuits but it’s so insensitive. They should open an investigation into this event it’s not too ‘premature’

Not surprising. Ever since the BOV brought in Hemphill the place is an absolute shithole.

I also emailed the director of board relations this morning. I encourage others to do the same. 

Info at the bottom of this page- https://www.odu.edu/bov/members

This is contemptible and only sows division. I am a grad student who unfortunately went through an incident like this in undergrad, and that university response was united and nothing like this horrible petty behavior. What even is a Board of Visitors, and why are they allowed to overrule the faculty and students who go here??

Time for protests and petitions. https://c.org/RDdyjTccYc

Yikes.

I’m disgusted by this too. 
Hemphill is so worried about money and the BOV is only worried about money. If they weren’t they’d care more about fixing classroom doors that don’t lock, building where the rooms have only one exit and are concrete fishbowls perfect for a shooter to get most of us (Dragas), and stop focusing on just making things pretty. 

I’m tired of walking into classrooms and assessing if I’m the oldest to see if I should sit at the door in case there’s a shooter. It’s not something I want to fucking consider when I’m trying to learn calculus. 

To try to use this tragedy as a shield against accountability is arguably worse imo than just admitting the current president is a problematic waste.

Start asking around about the history club on campus last semester, their vice president was sexually harassing the students in the history lab and the school did nothing about it

… “tone death”

[Zestyclose\_Luck\_8163](https://www.reddit.com/user/Zestyclose_Luck_8163/) check this out.

So many speak of what they do not know. If progress in higher education can’t be made then where do we go? ODU is almost 100 years old and some still work and think like we are in 1935. Without forward focus and a progressive mind focused on student success and the working adult ODU will not exist in years to come. You think ODU is different and leading the higher education pack… guess what… it’s not. This leadership and forward focus is necessary to get there so get on board.

Yeah, like what is with the toxic culture of this board. Sowing division and using tragedy to further their agenda while throwing faculty under the bus, gross.

Exactly. 

Who pulled students into classrooms and barricaded the doors during an active shooter? It sure as hell wasn’t Murry Pitts. It was faculty.

I just emailed them back

Too late now to edit.

They keep talking like they're not the ones who are most replaceable. Literally only TWO members of the board have any background in education. The rest are things like a car salesman. It's shameless corruption from Youngkin. I'm sure they all gave him donations for their board seats. Pitts himself lives in Charlottesville and has a background in packaging. Wtf does he know about educating?

I totally agree. To your first point, I imagine these concerns were not shared from faculty to students to protect our peace during a sensitive time. The BOV airing it out for everyone to see isn’t just tacky and rude, it shows total disregard for students’ mental wellbeing in all of this - completely contradicting everything they claim to stand for.

Your not disgusted by anything only what affects you and if you cant tell the difference between arguments you only care about yourself. You want things both ways and want accountably but then support the administration in other way will only keep them here longer good job!

This person also backs the BOV and expects things to change. ODU has failed their students they expect change with no change in leadership.

Keep backing the BOV in other areas and nothing will change you want things both ways

Pissed I missed the protest

This rightcoastpear wants to fight against the administration while also supporting them. How do you want things both ways? Do you just go with what other people tell you and get on here to fight people? You want change to happen but do not support any way of it happening. You want things only your way. You can not have it both ways stop supporting ODU admin if you want things to change

VERY passive-aggressive. I can understand wanting to clarify information or clear a misconception, but the way this was written is very telling.

I just emailed them back:


"Genuinely, why is this appearing in my inbox?


Why am I seeing private emails exchanged between Faculty, the president, and your board? 


This is extremely unprofessional. In this past month I have not only learned about your existence, but furthermore it has given me time to grow a disdain for the members of this board.


You complained that "Now is the time for communal grace, not for opportunistic divisiveness"... Yet this email exists, sitting in my inbox. 


Do not email me again. I will be contacting Abigail Spanberger about the absolute trainwreck spilling out of yours and Hemphill's inboxes into mine this month. 


Unkind regards,
[My name]"


Let's see if I get a response

It’s so petty to send this out to all the students to me

No but FR cause my mom works on campus and they were really telling staff, in so many words, stop crying and come back Monday like nothing happened.

They don't call him Trumphill for nothing...

I will say if the 8 week calculus is your main concern local community college, TCC, offers online calculus 1-3 along with linear algebra and discrete mathematics. They are fairly easy, well taught, and transfer over to ODU.

well said. this is only my second semester at odu (as a transfer student) it’s been hell. literally one of my professors got fired mid semester simply because she wasn’t doing her job. i am trying to be a proud monarch but how could i be proud of this?

They might be selective adding and removing emails. It may be worth a FOIA request.

39% ai

Renee Nicole Good was a Former Student at ODU

Look at the comments, didn’t know we went to school with bootlikers. Keep believing what ur “president” says. The videos don’t lie. We have POV’s from multiple sources. No ICE agent was hit and shooting her was not needed. They told her to move out of the way, she attempted to move out of the way and they shot her for nothing. You killed a mother, a wife, and an avid Christian for nothing.

It sucks cause many of us want to stick up for people, which is what she tried to do. But she crazy as hell to try to go up against ICE with no plan. ICE don’t care about anyone. They literally tear families apart for a living idk why you would even attempt that.

Oy vey, she seemed like she had Fetal Alcohol Syndrome, judging by her facial structure around the eyes, and seemed very dumb.  If she got into ODU, who is ODU rejecting?

Not best advertisement for ODU when someone dies from their own stupidity

Ironically the lover still hasn’t released her footage, I did hear her say drive baby drive! Now she dead ! Sad story

Explains a lot

So what you are saying is it is ok to hit a cop with your car and try to harm the cop? A car can be classified as weapon and in the scene of what happened it would be classified as a weapon. She had multiple other charges prior to what happened. 2 of her kids, she didnt have custody of, her ex husband had full custody of them because of child abuse/neglect. She blocked federal officers from doing their job. Where the hell was the outrage when Obama deporting illegal immigrants using ICE? He deported 3ish million illegal immigrants. What is the difference between what Obama did and Trump doing the exact samething? Oh i know what the difference Obama was a Democrat and Trump is a Republican. Other than that there is literally no difference in what they did. Quit trying to make a hero out of someone who was preventing federal officers from doing their job. Quit making a hero out of someone that was a shitty person that abused their kids. 

Do you know what is wrong with this country? It people like whoever wrote this post. You are trying to make a hero out of a shitty person because they were brainwashed by Democrats and the media. 

STFU, let ICE do their job. The same job they did under Obama and STOP TRYING TO MAKE A SHITTY PERSON A HERO.

Wish she hadn't hit that guy with her car.

If you didn’t break the law you should just comply. If you did break the law you should still comply. No lives should have been lost but compliance keeps the gun in the holster 99.9% of the time. He likely gets an early retirement.

HAHA SHE WANTED TO BE A VIGILANTE AND LOOK AT HER. Dead 💀

Sadly it’s normal. I’m a disabled veteran who served this country and I still don’t bootlick

1) You clearly didn’t watch the videos. She tried to plow through the officers
2) Avid Christian my ass… she’s married to a women and didn’t have custody of her children because she chose the wife over them. Mom of the year huh?
3) Bootlicker? Aren’t yall the ones that were ok with the government telling you to stay in your homes and not breathe over the flu?

Wtf

Should she have stopped and got out the car when asked by a federal officer? Yes.

Did she clip an officer that stood moved purposefully in front of her car which btw if you care to research is an illegal move to do and is banned from officers to do. Yes.

Should she have died for such an offense? No but this is up to interpretation.

Are you a fool for bootlicking and trying to claim this is advertisement? Mega yes

Wait, what? I’m pretty pro law enforcement, but I watched the video. Why do we keep defending bad apples?

Man, fuck off. She was a wife and a mother.

*This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev/home)*

pause chunky vast summer fact lunchroom oatmeal safe live swim

It’s tragedy to lose anyone prematurely, but your car is just as deadly as a gun. Hitting an officer with your car in an attempt to flee is no different than firing shots towards officers in an attempt to flee. She felt above the law and unfortunately ended under the ground.

Keep licking boots

Noncompliance does not necessitate shooting to kill.

She was on her way home bro. Her HOUSE WAS THERE ARE YOU DUMB. She told them to go around her because she was going HOME!

what if it was your mother?

thank you for your service. it’s sad that trump doesn’t care about our country or the people who actually fought to protect it. always deserved better.

You're a psychopath

Actually agents have leeway while carrying out their operations and don't strictly have to adhere to it depending on circumstances maybe should have listened to lawful commands to get out of the SUV instead of listing to her aggressive activist wife telling her drive baby drive with a federal agent a foot in front of her SUV

Wife's antics/hobby got her killed and she rather place herself in harms why over being a mother not helping with the stupid argument

The fact that she was a wife/mother is not valuable information when it comes to analyzing right and wrong here.

As a minority that grew up in minority community I know exactly what happens when you don’t comply over the smallest inconvenience. Not always a shooting but it’s an easy way to pickup a charge or get roughed up.

Yea I literally said nobody should have been killed. Non compliance is asking for Problems. Give it a try next time you interact with an officer. I doubt you will enjoy it or see a good outcome.

She was on the street. That’s not her home. That’s public domain. If she would have complied and answered a few questions she could have gone about her day. Let’s be real

Ok but That’s not how compliance works. Officers told her to stop/get out.

My mom's not an idiot

Thank you for your support. 

We will keep fighting as vets trust me most of us are not republicans. I’m moderate and still don’t like the guy

False do your research again. Then come back. Agents do NOT have leeway there’s even a special nice case that went to the Supreme Court if you knew your shit lmao

I wouldn’t exactly call it a hobby to try and protect your community from those who are trying to tear families apart. But thank you for admitting that ICE causes harm.

You’re right, actually. She was a human being who did nothing to justify her death. Noncompliance does not warrant shooting to kill. And if you think she was trying to hurt anyone with her car, I implore you to watch the videos again and review the analyses from multiple sources.

But she was white so she didn't deserve it.

ICE deports and jails innocent people every day.

You're a psychopath

Comply or deal with repercussions. Don’t be a jerk I’m sure both parties are on edge, Simply Prove your a waste of time to their investigation and move on with your life.

Idk. Statistically speaking if minorities and others were pulled over and/or interacted with police at the same rate the stats wouldn’t be slated in any direction.

The bigger problem is excessive use of force. Skin color is just a societal construct used to create a metric for comparison. If cops were not so trigger happy, maybe, just maybe non compliance would be safer, but still stupid imo.

You're a psychopath

Please give me a moment of your time I made this Plant Earth collage out of litter I picked up around my community. I need some reactions for a class, any reactions, feelings, or comments are welcomed and appreciated

I see a lot of wrappers and packaging from what many people call "little treats". Which a lot of us need right now, little pick-me-ups. Unfortunately, the flip side is that not disposing of it correctly seemingly nullifies the warm and fuzzies for the planet. 

Your art makes me think about being conscious about the things I consume that make me happy during the bad times, and that I should share those little moments with the earth by cleaning up after myself.

Cool concept

Who do they think is going to pick up the trash they drop? This drives me nuts, thanks for picking some of it up and turning it into something artistic.

Just genuine stoke that you picked up trash.  Good on ya and keep it up.

That perfectly is shows how one man's trash is another person treasure. I love recycling and make fun projects out of stuff I find lying around my apartment and around my college campus. And if in future projects, if you put meaning behind each individual scrap, it can become truly special

Sad and impressive that you were able to collect enough that was blue and green. Wonder how many total calories worth of food those wrappers account for

Love the color theme!

Are these scraps from around Hampton roads? Or only the ODU campus??

I’m sure this is a nuanced take, and I’m late to the thread but the newer wrappers having precise labels in the corners saying ‘100 calories’ or ‘100mg caffeine’, makes me feel like we’re all slowly moving from food for enjoyment  to food for survival and/or treatment for balancing mental health. 

That these are all evidence of a culture that regularly consumes prepackaged, fully edible, and mostly single servings speaks to our rush to the next thing at the expense of really understanding the ingredients in our food or taking the time to prepare meals socially to be consumed in fellowship with our loved ones.

I'm a ghostwriter and editor, if you need assistance with your assignments let me know.

I love it! ❤️

I like the idea, you might be able to start a club or something

I think it looks cool, but did you even try to at least make it look like earth?, no offense it feels low effort

Thank you for your extremely concise answer and your time!

Honestly the majority of the stuff I picked up were alcohol related products, but yeah surprisingly easy to follow a color trend!

They’re from my neighborhood in Chesapeake most if the trash was sadly alcohol bottles and lottery scratchers

Where's the refund :(

Bruh, I needed this laugh 😂

I love this. Thank you 🤣

🤣😂

I left them a message about something on a Tuesday and they called me back on Saturday like wtf?

Is this what college in your 40s feels like?

41 and do some in person classes. I do everything I possibly can to not participate unless the class just doesn’t want to engage, then I’ll say something. I’ve yet to correct anyone though and I’ve heard some blatantly wrong things…

*This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev/home)*

bedroom alive future sand aromatic spoon rock busy hunt thumb

Sometimes. I just had a project management class...I've been doing project management for 15 years lol.

Ii took a 400 level stage lighting design class as one of my last (and only) arts electives. I had a union card in my pocket. Later on the instructor was being shown around the stage while i was in the lighting booth

40s ?

In the 1970’s, Iran sent young men to learn at ODU while being trained to fly jet over at Langley Air Force Base (Hampton). When the Shah fell, they were trapped here in Norfolk. I had a chance to meet a few of them.

She needs to be in Professor Turgeson’s class,… ;-)

48 and finishing my economics degree. Man oh man....

TLDR; sometimes.

44 y/o undergrad, and this is mildly accurate, depending on the subject.  Like the others, I try to keep my trap shut unless the younger crowd simply will not engage (which is 99.9% of the time).  More often though, any content issues are due mainly to being incomplete (missing context), overly biased, or no longer relevant (superceded).  Depending on your field experience, there are also a ton of trade-secrets that can't be found in textbooks.  Tribal knowledge.  Think hard before casting those pearls...

It's exhausting being one of 2, maybe 3, students that will answer questions, but the professors (mostly) seem to appreciate the engagement backup.  I only had 1 professor that would shut me down by name to answer questions, so I got the hint.  However, if I felt the information was *damaging* to students, you can bet that I speak up, albeit in a respectful manner.

Maximum grace until otherwise warranted.  There will always be someone smarter, stronger, faster, or better-looking than you, me, and the professor.  (You can't outrun age nor gravity.)  However, it's how we show up that matters.  Being a dick is a choice.  My current philosophy is a do-no-harm ethos.  Support the professors and students when they need it, (safety net), but don't be a know-it-all.  Stay humble; you may just learn something new.  Be a mentor.  A true expert of their craft knows how to lead another person to answering a question without simply giving away the answer.  Breadcrumbs.  Help them learn the methods to arrive at a possible answer.  ("If X is true, and Y is true, then maybe Z is true; let's test it to be sure".)  Like always, if you're not an expert on that topic, consider shutting the hell up.  It's okay; you'll just blend into the rest of the class.

45 here and can relate. I'm in a doctoral program, and it took this level to get some, but not all, folks on the same page in sentiment about where we are in history as a nation. Some people surprisingly forgot the past 100 years, or their perspective is skewed by bias and politics, or the fact that things are going so well for them so why would they want the status quo turned upside down? Certainty is important for insecure people, and sometimes I don't blame them. We have to educate people that the accumulation of material possessions is not the end all, be all.

What did you hear?

I’m 46 in my ODU grad program and there is a lady who is in her 60s in my program too. CMHC

Willing to say we're probably the oldest ones in the grad program.

Faculty Senate has passed a no confidence vote for 8 week only online courses.

I have already lost confidence in the schools executive admin lol. The 8 week idea comes across as scammy

8 week classes is not a good idea, too pushy and rushy especially if they’re STEM majors

*vote of no confidence against the president, not against the implementation of 8 week only courses.

Email from one of my professors regarding the email referenced in this thread:

Hello my students,

I am posting this email because I am the senator of the math department and I am currently in the executive council of the senate. 

The letter you received from the Board of Visitors and the Rector is a lie!!!!

There are 56 senators; 55 voted today(98%); 41 voted to do a show of no confidence (78%); 6 abstained (11%); and 7 voted to keep the president, provost, and vice president of global (13%). Each senator had their departments vote and we brought the voices of our departments back to the senate. This means 78% of ALL full-time faculty have no confidence in them to run our university properly.

Our reasons had nothing to do with the 8-week conversion of ALL online courses, but the fact that we and you were not asked. We were told we would have 3 years to do this and now it is being done this fall. Our resources are being taxed to the limit. How do you think this course will be in 8 weeks?

It is written that we MUST share governance and currently, we are not. If you have strong feelings about your courses online, I say voice those opinions now. Email the rector, the board of visitors, the governor of VA. The governor appoints the people to the board of visitors. 

We are fighting hard for the integrity of our university and the quality of your education.

Hemphill's response includes the line "Universities thrive when ideas are discussed openly and respectfully." Just wow!

[Faculty Senates press release on the issue.](https://www.odu.edu/sites/default/files/2026/documents/press-release-1-22-26.pdf)

I am a prof. at Radford, where Hemphill last was president before moving to ODU.

  
Cannot say I am suprised at all by this turn of events.

Where did you find this information?

The faculty keeps saying it's a bad idea, and they'd know they teach the damn classes, but the admin just keeps pretending it's actually good and people are worried for no reason. Brain dead  thinking from the top.

This is to follow Arizona State University program. While 8 week courses can be helpful for most general Ed courses. It can’t be applied to all courses or the material of the course need to be reduced. ASU is a little scammy in it tho charging for to blocks in one semester pay for block A and B and pay more then you would for a 16 week course. ODU administrators are different and honestly difficult. They took what they saw as an “easier” option without putting much time or thought into how this adds more stress to both professors and students. They saw it more as an opportunity to make more with less resources. I think the 8 week courses are a good idea for students like me who are busy but aren’t “traditional” students but the program has to be done correctly and allow for some wiggle room because life does happen.

Why don’t they talk to the EVMS employees about the merger? Hemphill and his cronies are in the process of destroying EVMS. New Dean is systematically going to do away with EVMS employees and replace them with ODU employees even though they have no experience in health care. The only people getting protected are previous Dean and his two flunkies conveniently married to each other.

Does this only apply to undergrad online courses?

I'm glad I applied and have been accepted to UVA.

So that I don't have to deal with this stupid course change.

the problem is we’re at a point where we either get on par with other institutions or we have to fire staff and cut majors.

It’s “scammy” however thousands of universities use that tool to better future their opportunities and education for students of all ages. So many students will be able to advance their course load and credits because of this very initiative change. They are with the times. Maybe you need to get started.

Agreed; most textbooks are written for a 16-week term, so either (a) the class is cut in half in terms of what gets taught, or (b) double the amount of work for each week.

I agree. I took one course during the summer and I was stressed out the entire time. I was more stressed than a full semester of 4 courses

The vote of no confidence is BECAUSE of the 8-week course mandate

For someone in a math department, your math is not mathing. In order for your comment of 78% of ALL full-time faculty having no confidence, that would mean every department represented has an equal number of faculty members. This also doesn't account for the individual breakdown of faculty votes. Let's say a department voted 21 to 20, that would would mean the overall vote would be to vote no confidence but definitely doesn't represent 78% of that department.

Vice president of global? Sounds like lies to me, That sounds like a faculty member giving direct hits to students. Talking crap about a university those students pay for because of their personal beliefs about admin is wrong if you don’t like it don’t work there but don’t bring the students that are just trying to learn into this. Don’t bring students since they clearly aren’t educated. They aren’t even aware of what vice president they were so called after. They need to get their facts straight and learn to be respectful, they represent that university if it’s so terrible leave.

Yet when his faculty tried to discuss things openly they were met with disrespect and dismissed. He’s a hypocrite

board of visitors sent out an email

YES!!!! Louder for those in the back!

Yes, in person courses are still 16 weeks at this moment.

Congrats ignore the salty people downvoting you. Leave this dumbass school while you can lol. I got accepted as well but I’m just going to finish out since I’m a senior

Congrats? Who cares

Fart sniffer university

According to who? The President? The Mace and Crown has looked into this claim and determined it is stretching the truth (https://maceandcrown.com/5720/news/the-details-behind-president-hemphills-schev-claim/). The University isn't in dire need for money or anything (https://www.odu.edu/advancement/annual-financial-summary), there's growth in the endowment and they're building new buildings. This is all coming from one person who thinks they know best and doesn't give a shit that no one wants this.

President Hemphill? Is that you?

Working students are a primary market for online coursework. Guess who doesn’t generally have time to do 8 week courses?

Literally your only posts are about this change at ODU. How much is admin paying you to embarrass yourself?

What’s so hard to understand that not everybody is able to do an 8 week courseload??? If you’re able to take an accelerated course that’s totally fine. But not everyone is up to that task. If someone wants to do a 16 week course, there’s nothing wrong with that Jesus Christ.

Just for clarity’s sake: per federal rules for credit hours, 8-week courses need to effectively be twice as much work, with basically 18 hours per week of work. So if you were taking three at once, that would be 54 hours.

Partially, yes, but there are a whole host of reasons outlined by the faculty senate on the matter (not that they've done a great job explaining or messaging on this)

Each department has one rep in the faculty senate.

In the ODU charter and all documents including the faculty handbook that all faculty must follow, one of the key incentives is that faculty are included in shared governance for all matters regarding curriculum and instruction. This administration has decided that faculty must change how their online courses are presented, how canvas pages are managed, and how technology is integrated in the classrooms all without faculty input. That is what this vote is about.

To clarify your question about who were subject to the vote, the three people who were voted were President Hemphill, Provost Payne, and VP for digital tech and transformation Nina Gonser.

The president has repeatedly in private meetings, and in one all faculty email, berated faculty for not going along with him, without providing clear guidance as to why they should. He fails the first test of leadership, earn the trust and support of your subordinates. There is a huge amount of talent in the ODU faculty and student body. Not using them as a resource or even attempting to convince them his vision is correct, shows that the President is over his head and not suited for the job .

All three of the people who were subject to the votes by the faculty senate have made clear and repeated transgression of this type.

They’re referring to Nina Rodriguez-Gonser as VP of Digital Transformation and Technology (Global)

Yes, indeed.

Oh, interesting. I'm a faculty member and they didn't send it to us.

Gloves coming off soon

What about online grad courses?

That's exactly why Im leaving.

You do, enough to write a reply.

from my understanding from the schev meeting where this was discussed (and based on conversations with legislators in richmond) this is not an unreasonable move. we have seen a significant increase in online enrollment, and in increase in requests for degree programs that can be completed faster/in less time. personal feelings about the situation aside, colleges and universities are businesses, and they are going to make business decisions. they have to see how it works to see if it is an effective model or not 
edit: i was present for the schev meeting where they talked about it

They did make the account an hour ago.

There are other reasons for no confidence, but the letter they just released is all about the 8-week course mandate and how admin is trying to rush implementation. The rushed implementation is also something the board admitted, they cut the implementation time in half. I imagine they did that to try and stop faculty from resisting.

1 rep regardless of the number of faculty correct? So a department of 10 gets 1 vote and so does a department of 50.

I stayed out of it - not tenured (but tenure-track).
But, I wish I could get some of that stipend for creating an 8-week course; I had four preps (2 in person, 2 online, for 16-week classes) in the last academic year. The in-person courses are brand new to the department.

Full email: 

“Members of the Campus Community,

 

As the Rector and Vice Rector of the Old Dominion University Board of Visitors, we write following today’s Faculty Senate meeting in which a vote of no confidence was passed associated with the implementation of eight-week accelerated online courses beginning in Fall 2026. While the Board of Visitors acknowledges that this vote reflects the views expressed by some members of the Faculty Senate present at that meeting, it is important to be clear: this action does not alter the direction of the University, nor does it diminish the Board of Visitors’ confidence in the leadership responsible for guiding that direction.

 

The Board of Visitors remains clear, unified, and unwavering in its full confidence in President Brian O. Hemphill, Ph.D. and in the strategic path currently underway at Old Dominion University. President Hemphill has provided bold, decisive, and transformative leadership during one of the most consequential periods in the institution’s history, and the Board of Visitors firmly believes he is the right leader to guide Old Dominion University into its next era of growth and impact. The vote taken today represents one viewpoint within the broader University community, but it does not override the responsibility entrusted to the Board of Visitors and the administration to ensure the long-term competitiveness, strength, and sustainability of this institution.

 

Higher education is undergoing one of the most significant transformations in its history. Demographic changes, evolving workforce demands, shifts in student expectations, and rapid technological advancement require institutions to adapt their academic models and delivery methods in order to remain relevant and accessible to modern learners. Universities across the country are responding to these realities. Old Dominion University must do the same.

 

The Board of Visitors’ responsibility is not to preserve the status quo, but to ensure that the University is positioned to lead and succeed in this changing environment. That responsibility requires thoughtful planning, decisive leadership, and a willingness to move forward even when change generates disagreement.

 

Shared governance remains an important principle within higher education, and faculty perspectives are valued and respected. However, shared governance does not mean that every institutional decision will produce universal agreement. Ultimately, the Board of Visitors and University leadership are charged under Virginia law with making the decisions necessary to secure the long-term future of this institution.

 

The strategic initiatives currently underway at Old Dominion University were developed through deliberate planning and remain fully consistent with accreditation standards, shared governance practices, and state law. The progress achieved over the past five years clearly demonstrates the strength of the vision guiding this University forward.

 

In 2021, Old Dominion University achieved Research 1 designation, placing it among the nation’s most elite research institutions. Since that time, the University has doubled its research and development expenditures, significantly expanding its research enterprise and strengthening its impact across the Commonwealth.

 

Philanthropic support has also grown dramatically. Annual giving has increased from an average of approximately $35 million prior to President Hemphill’s arrival to more than $100 million last year alone. The University is also preparing to conclude the most successful capital campaign in its history, surpassing its $500 million goal ahead of schedule.

 

Among the most transformative achievements during this period has been the historic integration of Eastern Virginia Medical School into Old Dominion University, creating a unified health sciences enterprise that strengthens the University’s ability to address workforce needs, expand research, and improve health outcomes across Hampton Roads and the Commonwealth of Virginia. As a result of this and other strategic growth initiatives, the University now operates with an annual budget exceeding $1 billion.

 

Across campus, the scale and pace of development are unprecedented. More facilities are under construction, renovation, or planning than at any point in the institution’s history. At the same time, the University continues to strengthen its focus on student success, with retention increasing by seven percentage points in recent years. These results reflect an institution moving forward with momentum and purpose.

 

For those of us who have been connected to Old Dominion University for more than five decades, it is clear that this is one of the most substantial and promising chapters in the institution’s history. Transformational progress often brings difficult conversations and disagreement about the path forward. That is not unusual for institutions undergoing meaningful change. What matters most is that the University continues to act in the long-term best interests of its students, its community, and the Commonwealth it serves.

 

Old Dominion University remains financially strong, strategically focused, and clearly committed to expanding opportunity for students, advancing research, and contributing to the prosperity of Hampton Roads and the Commonwealth of Virginia. The Board of Visitors remains confident in the direction of the institution and fully supports the continued implementation of the University’s strategic initiatives.

 

We remain steadfast in our support of President Hemphill and deeply appreciative of the vision, courage, and leadership he has brought to Old Dominion University during this period of profound institutional transformation. The Board of Visitors’ confidence in President Hemphill and in the strategic direction of the University remains absolute, and we will continue moving forward.

 

Sincerely,

 

Murry Pitts, Rector

Andy Hodge, Vice Rector”

I’m also faculty and I got one from the BOV and Hemphill.

Weird thing friend found. I don’t go here, but my friend does. He has been exploring and walking around as of recent and went to Lambert park. As he was walking he found a gate. The gate had banjo (or guitar) music coming from it. He described it as “theme music” for the area (LOL). He found these stickers and a sign in the area. Would love getting help figuring out what ANY of this means. When I look up follow the white rabbit Norfolk, Virginia or music, nothing shows up. Thanks all!

Wake up Neo….

follow the white rabbit.

Unrelated but I’m a student here at ODU & I worked the last shift at Lambert’s Point before the golf course shut down. Saw so many stray dogs & cats roaming around under that bridge along the river. I’d sneak bags of chips from the club house & on my closing shifts I’d leave them over night for the puppies. Really hope they redevelop the area.

Geo hunt (or whatever it’s called)

Hi, this is mine, ill gladly clarify, this is a reference to the movie "fear and loathing in las vegas" Where the infamous song "white rabbit" by Jefferson airplane plays. It's a tribute to psychedelics and the movie. and the pixel rabbit head is my character I keep consistent thru all my stickers. Thanks for noticing my graffiti work :) I'm all thru the 757 area, look for my rabbit!

The old golf course, and before that the old incinerator plant.

I've seen that sticker everywhere in Norfolk

Lambert point public open space* Sorry.

I drove a min van across that back in 2010. My friends and I used to carry a fire pit out there and have bonfires in the sand trap. Then as we got further into adventuring we starting doing doughnuts in our trucks on the green. We absolute wreaked havoc on that place. At one point we had a fire works fight there on Fourth of July and ended up blowing up a water cooler with a mortar and also through a bunch off that bridge into the water.

[deleted]

I drove a min van across that back in 2010. My friends and I used to carry a fire pit out there and have bonfires in the sand trap. Then as we got further into adventuring we starting doing doughnuts in our trucks on the green. We absolute wreaked havoc on that place. At one point we had a fire works fight there on Fourth of July and ended up blowing up a water cooler with a mortar and also through a bunch off that bridge into the water.

Bray Wyatt???

Why don’t you dig where the sign is that says there’s a key

Yeah that's mine. I routinely do this kind of stuff

Matrix is a good movie

Geo cache

didn't see anything close to it on the geocaching map but that would have been a cool one it seems

Judo catch

You’re the second person to say this.. your account is also deleted

Hmmm graffiti? Hmmmm

You can call it a park.   That’s what it should be.

Why ya wanna know 👀😭

Would if I could

That sounds about right, with seeing your name

What about him

Unfortunately I don’t live in Virginia, my friend found this and hasn’t visited recently

Is this true?

*great

Thanks, I once found some random stuff in a container and thought it was a dealers drop spot

Sometimes they are deactivated but never removed

When he made his return to wrestling it was all based around follow the white rabbit

Bro has -100 karma definitely not lol

im not the best with project gc which shows archived caches but i didn't see any caches that might fit which is disappointing.  looks like it would be a fun cache

Ohh kewl

Sometimes if you look at the logbook and then search online for one of the cachers on that date they found it, you can find the name. It might be the end of a puzzle.

I looked for puzzles and a multi cache but again I'm not the best with it

ODU President statement on Renee Good Following Renee’s tragic killing earlier today in Minneapolis, our thoughts and prayers are with her family, friends, loved ones, and the Monarch Nation," reads a statement from ODU's president Brian O. Hemphill. "This is yet another clear example that fear and violence have sadly become commonplace in our nation. Indeed, this tragedy reflects the deep strain being felt in countless communities across our nation. As citizens, it is our duty and right to call upon leaders and officials to restore civility in all facets of our lives, especially at the hands of those who are entrusted to protect and serve. May Renee’s life be a reminder of what unites us: freedom, love, and peace. My hope is for compassion, healing, and reflection at a time that is becoming one of the darkest and most uncertain periods in our nation’s history."

Is there going to be a vigil?

where’d you find this?

Damn. :(

💔💔💔

All that has been organized so far is a peaceful protest at the ICE field office today at 4pm 200 Granby street

https://www.wtvr.com/news/local-news/renee-nicole-good-virginia-jan-7-2026 Driver killed by ICE officer in Minneapolis graduated from ODU

thank you so much

Letter to the Governor (proof read before I send tonight, and feel free to copy and send yourself) Governor Spanberger,

As a recent ODU graduate, I am concerned about the increasingly tone deaf communications and divisive decisions coming from the university’s Board of Visitors and President.

In an email sent to all students and faculty today (see below), Rector Pitts begins by addressing ODU’s recovery from the recent shooting before launching into a six paragraph tirade against the Faculty Senate. He accuses them of spreading opportunistic division and using the tragedy for political advantage. Yet, by sending his retort to the entire student body and couching it inside a “Monarch Strong” email, he is doing exactly the thing that he decries.

No one can blame the school’s administration for the unprovoked attack. However, students and professors are within their rights to question why long broken locks and other safety concerns were never addressed. The Board of Visitors interpreting legitimate concerns as personal attacks shows a lack of grace and empathy under the pressure of these trying times. To then air the school’s laundry to the entire student body (and subsequently the local news) shows a lack of judgement and a disconnect from the university they are attempting to run.

The fact that ODU’s faculty and administration are having a spat is not news to students. If the gauge of a good leader is the willingness of others to follow, then the existence of the conflict already reflects poorly on the administration. Yet the fact that the Board of Visitors disregards the opinions of the Faculty Senate (including the Senate’s recent vote of no confidence) shows that they would rather dictate than truly lead.

In a different email just last week, ODU administrators asked all students to fill out a criminal background survey with no assurances that they could remain at ODU if they had a criminal record. Throwing suspicion on fellow students was tone deaf and caused unnecessary dread and consternation for student’s futures as they were attempting to heal from the shooting. Furthermore, many students viewed the move as “security theater”. After all, ODU is an open campus. The fact that the perpetrator was enrolled online had no bearing on his ability to attack ODU.

I understand that as Governor you have recently appointed six new members to ODU’s Board of Visitors. These appointments do not hold a majority, but I had hoped that their influence would temper the Board’s behavior. As this does not seem to be the case; I appeal to you, Governor, to speak to the board members. Convince them to work with faculty, rather than against them. Stir them to promote leadership, rather than dictatorship, in their role at ODU. To do otherwise reflects poorly on the one who appointed them.

Thank you for your time,

Your local representative is very important as well. I had a good conversation with mine on this issue. 

Try calling as well as the email. Folding ideas has a good video on why calling, letters, and in person meetings are more important than emails to representatives https://youtu.be/KXXYkLa-HHI?si=gaqK-r1m4R5E591e.

The governor’s line has been busy lately but your local representatives office will almost certainly answer first call.

My spelling is horrible, and I did this on a phone so spellcheck was iffy. Please help proofread so I can send tonight. Will edit as needed.

If you agree you can copy/edit and send yourself.

I plan to send to the Governor, and the board of visitors.

No corrections, just a thank you. The tone deafness and what feels like a complete disregard of the students body mental has been super disheartening.

Send similar letters to your state delegate and state senator.

Thank you everyone for the help!

It's at the point now where I feel comfortable sending it. I hope some of you that helped will also write or email to multiply the impact and get the issue noticed. Again, feel free to copy or edit my words how you like.

Someone pointed out that getting a hold of your local Rep is more reliable and will be more likely to get a response. This is 100% true and I'll do that as well (with edits asking them to talk to the Gov).

Calling is also a great way to get noticed, but I'm not up for that tonight.

Thank you all again. Community like this is what it truly means to be ODU strong, not taking BS pot shots at faculty.

I am an alum and former employee. I did not like the tone of the rector’s email. A better approach would have been to meet with the faculty Senate in person rather than send this email to all of us.  This type of publicity  makes ODU look very bad.

End of second paragraph should be decries, not decays

Possibly confirm if she was at Lt. Col Shah's ceremony. (I believe I saw her there) Use this information possibly to maybe point out the effect she KNOWS has a negative impact on virginia. I am not really a good writer, so only do this if you feel it fits.

Yoooo keep us updated w this

Well-written, we need people speaking out. Unfortunately, we can't count on the university leadership to do the right thing, so it's up to us to shoulder the burden to make sure future students don't have to go through this.

Replace every “facility” with “faculty”

Faculty, not facility senate

At least you spelled tone deaf correctly.  

Edit:   Seem vice seam.   “Seam to be the case”

Edit 2x:  If you’re addressing the letter to her, I wouldn’t write of her in the third person in the final paragraph.  “You” would be more appropriate.

Good catch, fixed

Good change- hope op catches it.

She was there on the front row. She also was present in the room for his final viewing that happened right before the funeral.

Done, thank you. 🙏

*perform the attack (or just let the verb work: attack) vs. preform…

TeachersPet lived up to the name and beat you to it, but I appreciate the catch anyways. 

It should be fixed now.

Thank you 🙏 

I fixed that and cleaned up phrasing in that last paragraph.

At you discretion add that. State that this situation it obviously not something that was good. FYI I knew him and he was my professor once, so this has been difficult

Fixed

Good!  It’s a great letter, I hope it has an impact.

Agreed; all of my students, when asked, have negative things to say about the Board and President. Those two entities are happy; the rest of us are miserable.

Having a Hard Time Dealing with the Recent Shooting. The title says it all. I was actually in Florida at the time of the shooting so I wasn't even in the area of ODU. But I am in my third year at the University: full-time student, very active on campus, and I've always lived in the dorms. 
When I first got the news, I was at Universal Studios having a ball with my family, and I found found out through a text message in a random group chat. I'm in at about 11am. It literally stopped me in my tracks, but in the moment I was just happy that I wasn't there.
However, after more details have come out about the shooting and seeing the victim and knowing that attacks like that are becoming more and more common in the Norfolk, it's honestly shaking me up a bit. I've been crying on and off for 20 minutes, just feeling a lot of empathy for the victim's family and for those who had to experience the shooting. That's so heartbreaking to me, and I kind of feel stupid for feeling like this because I wasn't even there at the time.
Does anyone else feel like this? It's just the more I think about it, the more mad I get.
If anyone feels like this, please don't hesitate to private message me.

It’s common to feel like this and okay to do so. I would strongly recommend you and anyone else reaching to campus support services, which have virtual components as well to help work through this. Stay strong Monarchs! 
[ODU Emergency Resources](https://www.odu.edu/emergency-alert)

I’m a professor, and was in the parking garage about to go to my 11am when shots were fired.

I’m scared - and kind of numb - because I had a student threat back in 2022. It was reported but the department, police department, and administration blew it off. The student is most likely no longer enrolled, but it doesn’t lessen the fear. When I’m in my office, I keep my door shut (even though our policy is “open door”); I police my language in class, let the students do all the talking during in-class discussions, spend hours talking to any student who asks for (or appears to need) help with anything in addition to schoolwork, and generally try to present as “harmless”. Even then, it won’t stop somebody who can walk in off the street and choose to end your existence.

Did both my bachelor's and graduate program at ODU. And yes the area around campus has its problems but for the most part being on campus was generally safe. I can understand why a lot of current students might be apprehensive about being on campus now.

It’s totally normal to feel all the feelings at a time like this! Be gentle with yourself, allow the feelings to come up and pass through. Hugs 🤗

I find myself feeling the same way. I just graduated back in 2024 so I still have friends on campus. It was jarring hearing the news as it was happening, just waiting to hear more details. I’m frustrated for every single student staff member and community member affected by this and every other conflict there has been on campus lately. They deserve better, they deserve a safe place to learn and work and live.

I get you. I was an on campus student last year and switched to remote and moved to WA. I was actually in Virginia for 5 hours on Wednesday…..and thought to meet a friend on campus but ultimately decided to head back to the airport. 
The text alert woke me up and I immediately reached out to that friend because she’s a business minor (luckily she was not on campus). I took my Italian class in that building last year. I feel the empathy, especially because after the shooting last February I would consider it when walking into Constant. I feel sad that there were a bunch of high school students on campus, that the students in the classroom made the hard decision to subdue the attacker the way they did, that everyone in that building and on campus had to experience something so traumatic. That building isn’t the biggest either. 

So coming from someone who’s been living 2000 miles away for more than 6 months (and happened to be in Norfolk the day prior) it’s ok to feel how you need to feel. If you need I can send you the link to remote services they sent us global guys.

I feel the exact same way. I walk that street every time I gotta go to class and I even park there. It made me wonder what would have happened had I been walking there at that exact moment. I feel so bad for those who had to fight and witness everything. It’s gotta be so traumatic. But we stand together here at ODU, even if we don’t know every single person. You’re not alone.

Don't feel stupid at all. I'm actually an education major at ODU but I go through global. My mom is faculty at ODU. I literally burst into tears at work when I got the emergency alert notification wondering if she was safe and then I called her when she was home safe to make sure she was okay. I also shared with her this is one of my biggest fears with going into teaching and she gave me a shitty, but real perspective. Mass shootings have been reported in so many places aside from schools that I can't let that fear hold me back from living my life and pursuing my dream job. It's awful, tragic, and senseless to have to think about it from that perspective, but that's the reality right now. It's 100% valid to be heartbroken for the victims and families and to feel traumatized even from a distance because it hits too close to home when your friends, family, or loved ones could have just as easily been a victim.

It really does feel so surreal I attended in person 2017-2021 and graduated in 2024, and all of this is so jarring knowing that we have walked through this campus in person. Students are SO young and experiencing this must be traumatic.

I see all the memes online about the students who took down the perpetrator, it feels really odd, even though they’re congratulating them, as they truly are hero’s.

They did what they had to do but I can’t imagine what they must be feeling or how they will remember what they witnessed. They did see what happened to their professor in the classroom right before their eyes.

I can’t laugh about all the memes and watching the university going viral through millions of people is so weird, I was also was crying a lot yesterday I completely understand

[deleted]

You’re not alone. I stopped to grab an energy drink before heading to take a test in constant. If I would’ve gone in early I would’ve been right down the hall. I still don’t know how to feel. Im sad we lost LTC Shah, he was always such a good man. And I hope the wounded students are okay

I’m feeling the same way. I’ve been crying on and off since yesterday.

You are not alone. I was in the music building at the time, I knew I was in a safe area. I was not phased then-- I have gone through similar things before, but it was almost like hearing the details in the days afterwards was a lot more gut wrenching than actually going through it. It doesn't feel real and I am so upset. Yet we are expected to move on?

You’re definitely not alone in feeling that way. I attended ODU from 2019-2023, but I work there now in the rec center and was on campus during the shooting. Even though I knew the rec center was far enough away that I probably was fine, it’s definitely scary and traumatic to have been on anywhere and receive the notification. I know I cried the day of and today (today was my first day back at work since) but I also feel angry. I had just worked with ROTC the day before, and although I’m not very close to them, it hit harder on Thursday knowing I’d just seen Lt Col Shah and the students. Don’t hesitate to utilize the counseling services on campus when you come back. I’m sure the school will provide extra resources, I know they have therapy dogs and therapy/intervention sessions right now for faculty/staff. For what it’s worth, I’m glad you weren’t on campus and that you were with family.

it’s still your school. whether you were there or not, that’s kinda like someone saying “well i didn’t go to that class today so i can’t be upset because i wasn’t near the tragedy”. it was still YOUR school, YOUR safety, and YOUR community. it’s will always hit deep when it’s your actual community.

i’m here if you need a friend. i’m also dealing with emotions with this.

I’ve been attending for exactly one year, and in the past year, this shooting occurred, the time when there was a gun threat at the gym, and the shooting at the gas station near by. I’m transferring by next semester. My first in person class last fall my instructor said someone brought a gun on campus right before the semester and I hoped that was an isolated incident but I see it’s more common than it should be.

Was about to go into my office at 12, and got a call at 10:50. Stood on my balcony staring off at the uni, horrified, and the weather went batshit, like the end of the world. I hadn’t ever been scared like that before.

I was at the ceramic studio near killam when it happened, I wasn't completely shaken when the teacher locked the door and turned off the lights at the time but the real fear came from when I had to leave to go home. Neither of these tasks even required me to go across Hampton Blvd and even after the death of the shooter I've been afraid to even go to the printing studio in hixon because most of the time terrorists have more than one person even if that person was not there at that exact moment. 
I had even emailed my teacher my concerns, ik she wasn't on campus because if she's not teaching she's usually not. Me and my husband are concerned for each other's safety since we live so close to campus. They even shut down the entire constant hall and are moving its classes to different buildings as we speak.

Anybody else nervous about returning to campus next week?

I was there On my way to an exam when it happened and I s going to be weird showing back up to campus after being gone for a week right after this has happened

I had class in the building everything happened in and that situation was literally one of my worst fears, I am very shaken and I’ve been debating even coming back honestly. I’m very anxious that I am bringing my car on campus when I come back due to this.

For the people saying this is an ODU problem, get a life! This shit is literally happening all over the country!

To be honest, I’m glad you posted this. It makes me feel less bad for how upset I am. 

But today I’ve been trying to distract myself. Try to enjoy your time in Florida and hug those close to you a little tighter

Big hugs to you, OppositeNatural9083. I was in a different building, locked down with students (I’m faculty). I finally cried for the first time today and I’ve just been trying to move a lot—I’m convinced it’s important to move all this nervous energy through/out of our bodies. The processing will take time, and it will come at strange times and in fits and bursts. You keep finding your way through

People bring guns on campus everyday. The area around campus is high crime.

Bye! Good luck find a school where shooting don't happen. This shit is literally happening all over the country.

True, but I understand where people are coming from when saying this is an ODU problem.
You're right in regards to the fact that school shootings happen, but it's not uncommon for ODU to have shootings multiple times a year. Just look at 2025, there were two shootings in the beginning of that year within a two month span. 
I'll admit, I'm not educated enough on the matter to provide the solution to the frequent shootings on campus, but the faculty in charge of handling our school's security should be able to. There's no reason this is so frequent. I understand Norfolk isn't a great city to live in (in regards to crime), but you're telling me there's NOTHING they can do?? 
Unfortunately, school shootings and terrorist attacks are becoming more common, and they won't stop until the COUNTRY does something about it. But as far as shootings happening at specifically ODU, there's gotta be something our school's President or board can do.

There’s plenty of colleges in Virginia that are much safer than ODU. Gun violence is too frequent both on and off campus in the area

Okay well I guess you only look at the local news because if you looked at the national news you'd see shootings happen at any given time on a college campus all too frequently. It's not an ODU problem it's a gun control problem!

Been there.....

I had to take the self defense class for 1 credit, 1 entire semester…to graduate

I feel you on this. I was in the engineering program and had a countdown clock app that counted down to graduation. For whatever reason, I thought it would be a good idea to go back for a master's degree. I'm not sure why, but I'm half tempted to go back for a PhD...

Me waiting for December

Security on ODU Campus Well, if this isn't the epitome of underrated security, then what is? Thanks Brian Hemphill, and thanks ODU staff.

I used to walk in the VIP way to get coffee

I knew you could go in through the VIP entrance because I used it to go get Starbucks, but I didn't realize basically nothing was locked 💀

I hope you don’t get in trouble for trespassing, but being able to just walk into Chartway and access some rooms is insane.  

ODU needs to step shit up badly.

Also, a special thanks to the completely inept board of visitors, a board of donators and scoundrels. Figure it out.

Set up proper keycard access to buildings that specific students have courses in, or put a damn fence and gate around the entire campus, you jelly-spined losers.

So I get walking into the VIP door because many people use it to get to the Starbucks on the other side. But being able to walk literally into all the other rooms that they have blocked off any day of an event is crazy. Because let it be any event big or small they make sure to block anyone off from getting into it. But to not even lock the door on a regular day is crazy.

Why is no one at work there that day?

[deleted]

That's not owned or managed by ODU.

This guys does this at schools all over the country, and has walked on to Ballard for a field goal and the Bud for a home run. He donates to charity so I have a feeling he gets permission ahead of time and stages the videos

Thanks for this!!!

They do taste of india there

same i’ve used it a couple times for starbucks but damn😭

> Set up proper keycard access to buildings that specific students have courses in

That won’t accomplish anything. Students will just piggy back off one another going in. Anyone with no access just has to come in with a crowd of people. Waste of time and money.

i believe in the comments, he said this was filmed during spring break and i know a lot of faculty took time off.

Source?

Came here to say this. If you have a concern about Chartway property, you can easily access the office. It's literally open every day. Being associated with ODU does NOT make it ODU's problem.

ETS - Chartway is solely responsible for operations 9which includes access and security), not ODU. OP's assertion that him being able to wander the arena at-will is a failure of ODU leadership is absurd and alarmist.

Thanks I have never seen it that empty

[deleted]

That is fine and well, I am simply asking for a source from you because after doing as you suggested ("a touch of research"), I am more inclined to believe that ODU does own it and facilitates the maintenance, but does not manage the Chartway *events*. I have no problem with being corrected, I just think that if you're asking people to do research, you should also provide a source that backs your claim. 

Please see below as to why an individual may be inclined to believe your claim is not true (disclaimer: these are not in any particular order and were all gathered by my own two hands and not AI):

**1. Chartway Arena Wikipedia Page (an average person might use this data, even though Wikipedia should not be used as a trusted source):** [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chartway\_Arena](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chartway_Arena)

\- Lists Owner as Old Dominion University

\- Lists Operator as OVG360

\- "Chartway Arena is managed by OVG360, a division of Oak View Group. In June 2019, Chartway Federal Credit Union made a $4.25 million branding and sponsorship agreement with Old Dominion to get the arena named, which is located inside the Ted Constant Convocation Center complex." (see ref. 5)

\-----

**2. FY24 Chartway Arena Annual Report:** [https://issuu.com/chartwayarena/docs/annualreport\_fy24\_final1](https://issuu.com/chartwayarena/docs/annualreport_fy24_final1)

\- Page 5: "Our success is a direct reflection of the support and leadership that we have received from Old Dominion University, making us one of the best arenas in the world!"

\- Page 8: Management tree listing ODU and Oak View Group as equal partners

\- Page 17: "A proud partner of Old Dominion University since 2002, OVG works hand in hand with ODU leadership and staff to provide world-class experiences at Chartway Arena."

\- Page 20: "We look forward to another year of creating special memories for our guests and managing the crown jewel of Old Dominion University."

\-----

**3. ODU Buildings List & Abbreviations page:** [https://www.odu.edu/facilities/buildings-list](https://www.odu.edu/facilities/buildings-list) [https://www.odu.edu/facilities/buildings-facilities](https://www.odu.edu/facilities/buildings-facilities)

\- "A comprehensive list of all ODU on-and off-campus buildings and their proper abbreviations."

\- "This is the official University master list of buildings and their codes/addresses. If you have any questions about this list, please contact the Office of Real Estate & Space Management."

\- Lists Chartway Arena with a "Banner Code" of PLANT and "Building ID" of 0039. You can use this information to submit a maintenance request via Archibus: [https://odu.nmrkgcs.com/archibus/schema/ab-products/essential/workplace/index.html?action=servicecatalog](https://odu.nmrkgcs.com/archibus/schema/ab-products/essential/workplace/index.html?action=servicecatalog)

\-----

**4. S.B. Ballard Construction Company (general contractor for the construction of the arena):** [https://www.sbballard.com/portfolios/odu-chartway-arena/](https://www.sbballard.com/portfolios/odu-chartway-arena/)

\- Lists Old Dominion University as the Owner.

\-----

**5. June 20, 2019 Article "ODU Names Chartway Arena at the Ted Constant Convocation Center ":** [https://www.odu.edu/article/odu-names-chartway-arena-at-the-ted-constant-convocation-center](https://www.odu.edu/article/odu-names-chartway-arena-at-the-ted-constant-convocation-center)

\- 10 year *branding and sponsorship agreement*

*-* "I am pleased to expand on our 15-year partnership with Chartway Federal Credit Union. Their investment in ODU and ODU athletics directly reflects their commitment to enhancing the lives of students and the entire Hampton Roads community." - Former Old Dominion President John R. Broderick

\-----

**6. City of Norfolk Address Information Resource (AIR) website:** [https://air.norfolk.gov/#/property/35912805](https://air.norfolk.gov/#/property/35912805)

\- Owner Name: Visitors of O D U

\- Property Use: State Education ODU

\- This information reflects that of the Batten Arts & Letters building: [https://air.norfolk.gov/#/property/85282025](https://air.norfolk.gov/#/property/85282025)

\-----



***If ODU does not own Chartway Arena (formerly Ted Constant Convocation Center), who does?***

Interesting that you would delete your comments when I was attempting to have genuine discourse.

Conspiracy nuts Is anybody having a really hard time coming across posts on social media saying that the shooting was fake? My son had just walked into constant Hall when it happened. I’ve since seen a TikTok of him running out of the building taken from the parking garage. I can wrap my head my head around that maybe the information the FBI is telling us it might not be 100% accurate. But the shooting most certainly did happen. My son has a business student, not a crisis actor.

Small Update: So, I seem to have upset the conspiracy theorists, and they have already reported my post because they believe I am suicidal. I’m keeping it up. Thanks.

Yes it makes me really upset seeing something that feels so personal being taken by others with no personal connection to what happened and using it for their own political purposes. In fact, it's like people are relishing it happened and twisting it to fit their agenda. 


The conspiracy theory of it all really peeves me bc it takes the terror part of the incident out of the equation. If it was a conspiracy, it's not a random act of violence, it's preplanned and enacted by those with power. But what makes this so scary is that it's not planned by the elites, it wasn't fated to happen. We all have free will, and someone choose to use their free will for violence. And at any time someone can choose randomly to commit violence against us. And to make it a conspiracy I feel dulls that aspect. Maybe for some people doing this makes it feel easier to cope with the randomness of terror, but for me it is deeply unserious

I'm sorry you are being harassed (that's what reporting you is, they don't actually think you are suicidal, they want you to feel uncomfortable talking about this, so they report you).

I'm really sorry your son was there. My daughter was all the way across campus, so completely safe. I can't imagine what it would have felt like to see footage of my child running. 

Is he taking advantage of the freebies offered? A trip to the zoo really helped center my daughter (she was having a lot of "what ifs"), and the botanical gardens would also be a good one.

Nope but I don’t fall for those conspiracy theories either

I hope your son is doing alright. I was in the MGB building, so not close but about a 1-2 minute walk away and still pretty shaken up seeing anything about it. It’s terrifying. I think some online that are so far from it, don’t realize how it impacts the community and everyone involved. The counselors and 24/7 crisis counseling is wonderful, and have helped me a lot, and if you guys need it definitely use it.

I’m sending you and your son lots of love and peace with this upcoming break. ❤️❤️

Wait, what? This is wild. I cant believe people are making it out to be a conspiracy. I was there, too. I heard the gunshots, and all. Definitely happened.

There are people saying it didn't happen???? I kinda get the conspiracies that the shooting was part of something greater (as in planned AND connected to the other recent shootings), but there's literal video evidence, and one of my friends was in Constant taking a test when it happened wtf

Not just that, but like I’m tired of the media posting news about this because how exactly is our community supposed to heal, it just seems insensitive. 

Im a student and even though I wasn’t on campus at the time because I wasn’t feeling well, I work in the Webb and was scheduled to come in, but I messaged my boss telling him I need a mental health day….It’s pretty harrowing to think that if I went into work like normal…yeah I’m still feeling the effects of it. I’m in survival mode. 

I hope your son is doing OK

All I’m going to say is search “Lavon Affair”, and if you a person that believes that history repeats itself and actually can see the pattern that’s going around you then I’m pretty sure you know the answer and truth

Yes, definitely do the freebies if you can. I also went to the zoo this weekend, and it was a nice change of pace. Idk if the zoo or botanical gardens are doing anything this week/if it was just a weekend thing, but the SPCA is allowing ODU students to come in to see the dogs and cats and go play and cuddle them

the thing about “false flag ops” is that a lot of them still physically occur. whether bro was a plant or not, he still shot and killed someone and wounded 2 others. the dynamics of the background info is kinda irrelevant at this very moment.

Oh my bad if it came out as if I’m denying the situation or something, definitely just referring that it might be something bigger in the background than we think

ROTC students kill shooter at Old Dominion University

Is this fr??

That was a very polite way of saying they beat him to death.

ODU fuck around and find out 

Also absolutely devastating to those hurt and lost

I’m proud of my classmates they’ll make amazing Officers in the Military.

Oopsie. Sounds like a horrible mistake. Prayers to the victims. Congrats to the students who went above and beyond.

Yes

Pretty sure he got stabbed.

I believe the assailant was neutralized

While this term is totally cringe at this point

It's absolutely appropriate in this situation

💯 those are the right guys for the job. Incredible how this situation turned out because of their quick thinking and bravery. He picked the wrong group to target, brought a gun to a knife fight and lost.

22 times. I’m doing ROTC and we had a meeting about it and we’re not wearing uniforms anymore. Crazy stuff

Why no uniforms?

I’m assuming it’s to protect their identity and their class, since the shooter targeted ROTC students and the professors specifically

I’m all late but NoKey is right; they said it’s safer just to not wear them in the event someone wants to repeat this and target us.

Not based on their roles, but based on personal vendetta though.

Heads up: ODUGlobal is changing ALL online 16 week classes to 8 week starting fall 2026 The official announcement won't be made until spring 2026 starts, but this information is straight from my advisor. For some reason they think everyone would just love a condensed format for ALL classes?? I would be fine if there was a choice between 16 and 8 week, but forcing 8 week classes on everyone just puts a lot more pressure on people for no reason. Good luck trying to do part time classes at a reasonable pace to juggle work and school. Plus, how is this going to affect veteran's benefits that are paid based on how many classes you're enrolled in per MONTH not per semester? If you're only in two 8 week classes instead of four 16 week for full time, that money from the VA will be cut in half.

They're planning on testing some pilot 8 week classes in spring 2026. **If you don't want ODU to implement this idiotic change:**

* **Contact ODU and voice your comments about why this is a bad idea and how the change will impact you.** You can contact:
   * The board of visitors ([mkarlis@odu.edu](mailto:mkarlis@odu.edu))
   * President Brian Hemphill ([bhemphill@odu.edu](mailto:bhemphill@odu.edu))
   * The student government association ([sga@odu.edu](mailto:sga@odu.edu))
* DO NOT SIGN UP FOR THE 8 WEEK ONLINE SPRING CLASSES. Low enrollment = less money and less incentive for them to move forward with the changes.

EDIT: Be sure to email the provost and executive vice president for academic affairs, Brian Payne ([bpayne@odu.edu](mailto:bpayne@odu.edu)) as well and let him know how you feel about this effort to "creat\[e\] opportunities for as many students as possible to discover and develop their unique talents so they can use those talents to make a difference in the world": [https://www.odu.edu/acadaffairs/article/a-message-the-provost-forward-focused-digital-transformation-initiative](https://www.odu.edu/acadaffairs/article/a-message-the-provost-forward-focused-digital-transformation-initiative)

EDIT 2: **President Hemphill is hosting a virtual open forum for ODUGlobal students on Monday, October 6 at 5:30pm EST and Monday, October 20 at 12:00pm EST**. [RSVP here](https://odu.kualibuild.com/app/68b1cf9741b8e4027e56a19f/run) to have your voice be heard on this issue! (A confirmation message will be sent with the Zoom link upon registration)

Sheeeeeshh.  I spent one summer taking six courses, all I think were like 7 weeks. (Could be wrong, still highly condensed) that is a VERY intense way to do schoolwork. It doesn’t even compare to the 16 week track, making them condensed is super stressful. Good luck to everyone else I’m graduating lol

I’m an ODU alum, who was applying for my masters online there in 2026. guess i’m not now🫡

omg this freaks me out so bad. school doesn’t come easy to me and i steer clear of short classes like that so i can have a slower pace.

Students, please push back on this!!! A lot of faculty and administrators don’t like this change either. Write to the student govt association, sga@odu.edu, and the board of visitors, mkarlis@odu.edu!

Thank God!  I just graduated last spring and did all online classes for 16 weeks.  Since 8 weeks is very fast pace, imo, I wouldn't of been able to survive.

So I guess those of us who work full time just don’t matter?

I’m currently a student in the MS in Cybersecurity program, which I believe falls under the ODUGlobal category, and the AI classes seem to be 8 weeks.

They also want to charge a full semester’s worth of tuition for it. This is a money grab that George Mason also does, and they’ve probably recognized it.

Truth be told, as a former student at Johns Hopkins (when work was paying for it), ODU needs to do a better job with providing quality education. I am very disappointed after coming back.

Is this undergraduate and graduate level courses?

Well im fucked then, I chose ODU cause of ODUGlobal and took 3 classes cause I work 40hrs, and seeing as there arnt many online only programs for bachelor's degrees in Virginia, im just fucked. Im already stressing out over some of my classes and then they say but wait let's make it worst for you. The fuck am I suppose to do here. Not work?

Damn it. I was going to do my masters degree online in fall 2026! This is crazy…

You could mention transferring to another University, which hits them where it hurts.

Took a couple of intensive 6-8 week online courses for my CS degree, was genuinely suicide inducing. While I was working as a teacher. Would not recommend.

Thanks for bringing awareness of this! I did an 8 week online once and it was hell with working full time.

I'll make sure I graduate Summer 2026 . Thanks for this information.

I work full time and I'm a mom of a newborn. I started the MPH program which was already a huge task in and of itself. Going to all 8 week classes would put me in the grave. They are certainly not catering to different demographics.

What is your source for this?

Clearly just a cash grab. More classes a semester equals more money.

Going to email them ive lost interest because of this and im honestly disappointed i love their diverse course work

I wouldn't return after this Spring semester 2026. Quality is bad with online classes.  College needs to hire more teachers online.  I will apply for a trade school or paid apprenticeship. I cannot afford not to work, since college is getting more expensive. Tired of taking  prereqs for main class courses.

I might have to transfer to ASU if this is implemented. It won’t work with my GI Bill or my time schedule as a stay at home mother 
So disappointing since I’ll be a senior next semester

Are you sure it’s not that they are revising all to add an 8 week option, but will continue to offer both 16 & 8 week versions?

Please note that students will not take a full load of courses each 8 weeks. It is expected that students would take half of the semester courses in the first 8 week session and the other half in the 2nd 8-week session.

Personally I used to go to a global university until transferring to ODU on campus. All courses were 8 weeks and while intensive I didn’t notice the difference between that and some online courses here until going in person. I think if this does happen the vast majority of people will be ok. People adapt and tend to be better at it than we give ourselves credit for. I’m curious if this will extend to all online courses though or if this is just unique to the global campus.

Apparently the 8 week classes will at least be asynchronous. 

Asynchronous is good for those of us who have to schedule class around work, but also surprising because I couldn’t find a single asynchronous class at ODU while getting my Civil Engineering degree. They seemed obsessed with live attendance even online when it made no sense.

IDK if asynchronous is good enough to make up for halving the weeks, but it is good.

[removed]

They claim that they'll be redesigning the courses to "ensure success", but I have no idea how they're going to condense classes like calculus or the senior capstone project. How tf do they expect people to write a whole thesis in 8 weeks while working full time??

Write to them why!!

Please also tell them their “mandatory comprehensive fees” still makes paying for ODU the same, if not more because benefits will not pay that fee out… if you do write to them …. I hope you find an amazing program!

Can confirm that even professors hate this change. One of mine brought this up a few weeks back, and said how he notices students do worse in the regular shortened (half semester) classes, and he can't even imagine how much of a struggle it'll be for 8 week classes

Just called [Mary Jo Karlis](https://www.odu.edu/directory/mary-jo-karlis) to ask how to contact the board, we should be emailing her at [mkarlis@odu.edu](mailto:mkarlis@odu.edu) instead of [boardofvisitors@odu.edu](mailto:boardofvisitors@odu.edu)! I'll make an edit to my post

And tell your friends!

I couldn’t imagine a calculus or some tough class like that in 8 weeks. Impossible

I done Calculus 10 week summer session at Community college to transfer credits

Correct.

Email those mentioned in OP’s edit!

[deleted]

My advisor made it seem like it was both, though I'd reach out to your advisor to clarify

It is both, the only degree program that is exempt is the PhD program

Yes! Reach out. The administration needs to know that students aren't happy. All online classes have to be asynchronous at the undergraduate and grad levels, too, so if you were looking forward to Zoom discussions in your Masters classes, I'm sorry to tell you that those won't be happening at all.

Complain to ODU!! The more voices and public pressure the more likely they are to reverse this decision

https://www.odu.edu/acadaffairs/article/a-message-the-provost-forward-focused-digital-transformation-initiative

Positive unfortunately, I asked my advisor if there was any way shape or form I could still take 16 week classes and she said that they will only be offered on campus

That doesn't help much; most students working full-time cannot handle one 8 week class at a time let alone two, especially if those classes are something like engineering or calculus that require a lot of time and effort

All online classes fall under the global campus now. ODU global has taken over everything in that realm

I’m in the comp e program and it’s fairly mostly asynchronous. It would be absolutely insane workload if I was doing work full time while doing circuits or physics in a condensed format. It’s already challenging to balance work and the 16 week format

This reeks of spam

Faculty were also not consulted about this change. We have been ordered to completely upend our online teaching and online programs. Most of us believe this will not benefit student learning and will hurt retention rights. Faculty are fighting back—I hope the students will too!

Mandatory fees are ridiculous. Other colleges doesn't charge those excessive fees.

Thanks!!!

I’m in calculus right now and would be so screwed if this was an 8 week class. I work full time and usually take 2 classes per semester having 2 modules due a week is nuts.

Hang in there

So real for that

Real recognize real

Best news to get on a weekend! :)

congrats !! i just got accepted myself :)

W

W

Congratz!  Go Big Blue!!!

Congrats!

Congrats!
Is this something new ODU is doing? I carried a 4.0 until senior year and never heard of this. I am glad that students are getting rewarded for their efforts and not just throwing money at the athletes.

That 6k is huge. Congrats to you!

Congratulations!

Did you apply separately for the scholarship, or was it automatically awarded?

Congrats bro! How’d ya get accepted so early tho? And also if u could help me out that’d be fire, i’m a senior and i’m thinking of applying to odu in a few days but idk if imma get in cuz my gpas a 2.9. wut do u think my chances are? I’m also applying with no sat

Hope you're getting a little more as an out of stater

Hi I will also be applying to ODU in a few weeks. Can you give me some more information on you application? 

Like what was your coursework like, class rank, gpa (UW/W) and how strong was your list of extracurriculars? 

Thank you if you can.

congrats !!!

I honestly was not expecting any money from ODU, I figured they gave them all to athletes aswell. I was very surprised when i saw 6K. thank you so much :)))

automatically, i was not expecting it at all

I'd apply during early action for the best chance of getting in.

i applied october 6th and got an answer in less then 2 weeks! they say it’s early action but i think they send decisions on a rolling basis ,but i got in with a 3.2 gpa, no test scores, some extracurriculars and recommendations and managed to get a merit scholarship so i think you will get in with a 2.9 if you have some other activities and good recommendations! you should definitely apply :))!!

hi sure! 
my gpa is a 3.2 UW/W, my grades are mainly a mix of A’s and B’s. Honor roll junior year, 1 AP which is AP CompSci A. Extracurriculars were JV Track,Culinary Club,Summer Camp counselor, Babysitting, Online shop, Leadership Program, and Animal Shelter community service. My school doesn’t do ranks. For every school I applied to, I made sure to do anything “optional” on the common app to help me which I recommend doing. 

Compared to many other people I find myself pretty average, I am not the perfect straight A student who has a 4.5 with 10 APs but I was still able to make the best of what I have. Hope this helps and good luck!

edit: i also went test optional even tho my ACT was in the range of the schools test score.

I was actually otp with someone from the undergraduate admission council and I was told that there’s a slim chance that I would get rejected! Has me pretty hype rn

I got no sat, no activities, no extracurriculars bro 😭

Thank you for the reply.

I was wondering because ODU is my target school, and though my grades aren't much worse than yours, I want to try my best to receive the same merit scholarship that you did.

My GPA is 3.1UW / 3.7W (Middle school, + 9th-11th)
My coursework is 10 AP's and some Honors. But my grades themselves include mainly B's throughout, & a D+ my Junior year (long story). I have 4 AP's this year though, and have all A's and 1 B+'s on my quarterly grades that are updated on my transcript.

Extracurriculars are very good. Good diversity and abundance. (Similar to yours in a sense.)

I also have a great essay, and two good recommendation letters.

I'm going to apply by Dec 1 for Early Action. Based on what you may have seen from other students, as well as yourself, do you think I have a decent chance for the same scholarshio as you? 

I am also in state btw.

i would still apply and see what happens, just write a good essay and make sure to have recommendations to help!

I’m not sure how ur school does GPA but normally middle school grades don’t factor into GPA,but might be different for you.

You do have a lot of APs which is good. I think you have a good shot with what you said. 

For the scholarship, I am not sure if since i was out of state it made a big factor with getting the scholarship since out of state tuition is like 45K or so. I was not expecting any money from them cuz i remember reading they normally don’t give huge scholarships. So I am not sure what scholarships they give for in state students. I do not know anyone who has applied to ODU so I am not sure the average amount students get tbh. Good luck!

Alright bro! I’m planning on applying in a few days but is it true that if I don’t get accepted I can resend an application later throughout the year? Like if I don’t get accepted im planning on repeatedly taking the sat until I get a good score then send it in, i’m also planning to bring my grade up to a 3.0 of course

Assuming you apply early, I believe admission decisions and scholarships are reconsidered each time there is an update to transcripts or test scores for freshman and transfer students. Best of luck!

yea i’m pretty sure you can send in test scores later but i would contact an admissions counselor to make sure! also maybe if ur first quarter grades r good so far , ask them to be sent in with ur transcript

Please do not answer questionnaire in protest Hello all,

First of, my condolences to those affected by this tragedy, especially those of you who go to in-person classes.  I (online student in another state) cannot imagine the emotions you must be going through.  

I find it disheartening to see ODU's recent response to the shooting.  In a desperate attempt to restore their image, control the narrative, and reassure the public of the safety of the school, they have initiated a witch-hunt among the students.  I am, of course, referring to their recent questionnaire regarding criminal history.

We live in a country that claims to believe in presumption of innocence and the freedom of speech (and non-speech). These rights are designed to protect citizens against the scapegoat investigations the University is currently conducting.  It's a shame that a university with such strong military ties so blatantly disregards students rights. 

Notice in the email: they never directly say you are required to answer these questions.  They bring up the potential for these questions before enrollment, but do not tell you these questions are not approved post-enrollment.  They are encouraging/strong-arming students to testify against them selves.  The way the email is worded feels like they know what they are doing is wrong, and are avoiding telling you that they know it's wrong.

Many of you have the fortune of a clean background.  Some of us do not, have paid our time for our actions, and are working to rebuild our lives after.  Education and social connection are two of the strongest preventative factors when it comes to reducing recitivism.  It's a shame that those with histories are being raked over the coals in the name of safety.  Why are we turning our suspicion on students trying to live good lives, rather than addressing failures of DHS, and how this individual was able to obtain a firearm? Why do we prioritize retribution and retaliation over mental health and providing opportunities for successful lives? 

If you feel as I do, please contact ODUl admin, and let them know of your concerns.

Alone, we are one.  Together we are strong.  Please do not give into fear and hate.  Even if have no background, please don't stand by as our rights are slowly taken from us.

Faculty were not told about this. Would you mind sharing the content of the questionnaire so I can bring it up with colleagues tomorrow during a meeting with our chair?

Afaik they have no legal grounds to make us do this, and they are trying to trick us into thinking it's required by putting a deadline on it. Please do not answer this questionnaire. It's an invasive overreach and extremely insensitive.

The fact this was announced covertly  in a university email memorializing Lt Col Shah was so distasteful.

On the heels of a no confidence vote on President Hemphill from
Faculty senate last week. 

Don’t answer it, engage students and faculty in your resistance.

Posted on ODU Promotion:  
[https://www.reddit.com/r/ODU/comments/1rymksy/2314071\_admissions\_applications\_criminal\_history/](https://www.reddit.com/r/ODU/comments/1rymksy/2314071_admissions_applications_criminal_history/)

TLDR: State law permits criminal history questionairs after acceptance and before enrollment.  ROTC and Law school are also notable exceptions.  Nothing in this gives them the right to require answering criminal history questionaires after enrollment.

# § 23.1-407.1. Admissions applications; criminal history.

“§ 23.1-407.1. Admissions applications; criminal history.

A. No public institution of higher education shall (i) utilize an institution-specific admissions application that contains questions about the criminal history of the applicant or (ii) deny admission to any applicant solely on the basis of any criminal history information provided by the applicant on any third-party admissions application accepted by the institution.

B. Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection A, any public institution of higher education that requires each student to enroll in the Reserve Officers' Training Corps (ROTC) as a condition of enrollment may inquire into the criminal history of any applicant prior to the applicant's receiving a conditional offer of acceptance to determine his eligibility to accept a commission in the Armed Forces of the United States.

C. Nothing in this section shall be construed to prohibit a public institution of higher education from inquiring into the criminal history of any individual who has been admitted to but has yet to enroll at the institution. Any public institution of higher education may withdraw an offer of admission to any individual whom the institution subsequently determines to have a criminal history that poses a threat to the institution's community.

D. Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection A, a law school of a public institution of higher education that is accredited by the American Bar Association may inquire into the criminal history of any applicant to determine whether the applicant appears capable of being admitted to the bar. Any such law school shall inform applicants that the existence of a criminal history will not, by itself, disqualify an applicant for admission.”

[https://law.lis.virginia.gov/vacode/title23.1/chapter4/section23.1-407.1/](https://law.lis.virginia.gov/vacode/title23.1/chapter4/section23.1-407.1/)

I advise students and I’ve seen holds on accounts for at least returning students who hadn’t filled out their Criminal History Questionnaire yet. This tells me it’s not a new questionnaire but maybe their application of it is different—did new students not fill this out when they applied? (I advise students further along in their degree plans, so I don’t encounter freshmen very often.)

Definitely don’t reply to any of their questionnaires, mind you ODU doesn’t even allow alumni to keep their email accounts after graduation, they’re so cheap not even wanting to pay for a small amount for Gmail accounts for alumni, what kind of alumni service is that??!!Karma definitely does exist

I remember there was a shooting on campus last year and the admin treated like if nothing has happened. They don's care about the students at all.

So, every enrolled student has already answered that questionnaire when they first enrolled. Like after you get admitted the criminal history questionnaire is a part of the new student checklist. This isn't a new form, they're just pushing it again to look like they're in control of the situation. Literally nothing is stopping you from saying no 🤷🏼‍♀️

It's literally against VA state law to kick you out because of a criminal history after you've enrolled and attended classes (for non-violent crimes) - all this because of a 2022 state law :)

Too late

Considering its all based on self-reporting, the form is meaningless anyway. It's security theater so if anything happens in the future admin can shrug and say "Well, he lied on his security form, we tried".

This is such a fucking joke dude. How in the fuck is this going to make anyone safer??? The shooter didn't even attend ODU. No mention of additional security on campus, no mention of additional police presence, no mention of anything that would actually protect anyone.

1) Hvae you ever pled guilty, no contest, or been convicted of any felony?

2) Within the past 10 years, have you pled guilty, no contest, or been convicted of a misdemeanor crime involving violence or the threat of violence in any court?

Options are yes/no.  DM me if you want a screenshot.  This forum is not allowing me to post images.

“Dear Monarch Students:

 

As shared in President Hemphill’s recent message, the safety and well-being of our campus community remain our highest priority, especially as we prepare to return after Spring Break. Given the seriousness of the tragic events on our campus last week, the University is taking an additional step to further strengthen our awareness and support of the campus community.

 

As part of the University’s ongoing, comprehensive approach to campus safety and security and within the parameters of applicable laws and institutional policies governing currently enrolled student information, we are asking all students to complete a brief questionnaire related to their criminal history. This is not a routine request, but it reflects our commitment to thoughtfully consider every appropriate measure to support a safe and informed campus community.

 

The questionnaire includes a question regarding past felony convictions. The information you provide will be handled with care and discretion, and access will be limited to authorized University personnel. We ask that you complete the questionnaire by Thursday, March 26, 2026. Your participation is an important part of our shared responsibility to care for one another and to support the well-being of our campus community.

 

You may access the questionnaire at the below link.

Criminal History Questionnaire 2026

 

Below, you will find answers to several questions you may have. We also encourage you to utilize the support resources available to you during this time. Thank you for your attention to this request and for your continued care for our Monarch community.

 

University Registrar

Old Dominion University

1009 Rollins Hall

Norfolk, VA 23529

757-683-4425

https://www.odu.edu/registrar

 

 

Why is the University asking for this information now?

In light of the recent tragedy on our campus and as part of ongoing commitment to campus safety, the University is taking an additional step to support the needs of our current student community. This questionnaire to all enrolled students reflects a thoughtful and measured approach to ensuring we are considering all appropriate ways to maintain a safe and supportive environment.

 

Does the University have the right to ask me this?

Yes. While Virginia law prohibits consideration of prior criminal convictions during the application process, it permits the University to ask before enrollment and consider it afterward if the institution becomes aware of an individual’s criminal history.

 

If I acknowledge a prior felony conviction, will I be expelled?

Each situation will be reviewed thoughtfully and individually. A prior conviction does not automatically result in disciplinary action or any specific outcome.

 

Am I required to answer? What happens if I don’t?

We are confident that students will recognize the importance of this matter to our safety on campus.

 

What if I have been convicted of a crime but only a misdemeanor?

Each situation will be reviewed thoughtfully and individually. A prior conviction does not automatically result in disciplinary action or any specific outcome.

“

I feel like I'm losing my mind with the emails I'm not getting. I'm sure faculty are being left out on purpose. Thankfully the word gets out.

Omg. This is what that email was referring to?! That was euphemistically vague and misleading. I did not take from that that they’d be sending all students a criminal background questionnaire.

I love how they are trying to claim this gives them a loophole. "We know its illegal to consider your criminal background when admitting you to the school, but no one said anything about us considering it to decide if you are allowed to enroll in classes. Please self report. We cant legally make you but it would be cool if you did and heres a deadline too"

Don’t misconstrue what I said, ODU can compel you to give up criminal history. It’s just through other avenues than just the law.

Would you mind sharing what law specifically?

Agree with you, but the shooter was enrolled as an online student.

Thanks for sharing. If you select yes, do they give you any area to explain? 

I agree with you. I understand why they are doing this, but this seems like a really shitty, insensitive, and ineffective way to go about this.

These are the same questions that are already required of admitted graduate students to answer as they matriculate at ODU in order to have the CH hold removed. Not sure if undergrad students have the same requirement, but it sounds exactly the same as the regular criminal history questionnaire. I don’t see why they are asking students to answer this survey, presumably for a second time, as if that will ease any concerns. It’s an honor system anyway, they don’t do background checks for everyone so anyone could easily lie and get away with it.

> if the institution becomes aware of an individual’s criminal history.

"if the institution becomes aware of an individual’s criminal history." is a CRUCIAL statement. Do NOT be the source of their "awareness". Do NOT comply in advance. DEFINITELY speak up about this publicly!!!

The memorial email is a separate email from my understanding.

Uncited authority.  Citation of irrelevant law.  This certainly sounds like a threat.  Be warned, ODU does not have the law on it's side, and intends to follow through regardless.

House Bill 1930 - Under the law, public universities cannot ask about criminal history on their own applications. If a student voluntarily discloses a criminal past on a third-party application (i.e. common app), the school cannot use that information alone to deny admission.

The law does include one exception: schools can withdraw an offer of admission if they later discover a criminal history that does not pose a threat, but only before a student enrolls.

WTKR did an entire story about the law: [WTKR Article ](http://wtkr.com/news/in-the-community/norfolk/odu-shooter-mohamed-jalloh-was-able-to-re-enroll-at-odu-under-virginia-law-that-bans-criminal-history-questions-on-college-applications)

I selected "yes" without submitting the form, and I received the following prompt under each of the questions I selected yes to:

"You are required to provide a detailed explanation of each occurrence, including date and disposition, and any comments you have below"

I don't know, as I am refusing to answer.  Maybe someone else can answer who has already filled it out.

The email from the registrar arrived separately, but this was from the President’s email earlier in the day after the information about the memorial for Lt. Col. Shah:

“As we prepare to come back together on Monday, we are also taking additional steps that reflect both the seriousness of this tragedy and our shared responsibility for one another’s safety. As part of our ongoing, comprehensive approach to campus safety and security that includes both established protocols and continuous evaluation, we will be asking all students to complete a brief questionnaire related to their personal history and campus awareness.

While this is not a routine step, it reflects our commitment to thoughtfully consider every appropriate measure that serves the well-being of our community. We will not hesitate to take additional or non-traditional steps when they are warranted to support the safety of our campus community.”

So, if they don't intend to use this information, why ask everyone to do the questionnaire.  It still feels suspect.

Ok. Thank you for sending this.

Yes, this is the email I was referring to above.  Thank you for posting.

"Non-traditional" is certainly a weird way to spell "illegal".

Idk man, it's probably just for looks 🤷🏼‍♀️ I'm just mostly saying you probably already did it when you first enrolled

Hampton Roads internships be like

[deleted]

This seems pretty accurate. 

By the way there’s an internship opening for civil engineers at NAVFAC if anyone’s interested.

[deleted]

What about cybersecurity majors? Are these common internship choices?

Maybe so, but you have to be around some of the most abhorrent people in the area and it's very tough to do anything in this area that doesn't contribute to "defense." It's why I ended up leaving the area.

No definitely not. They might hire them occasionally but they are more likely to recruit someone coming out the military with that prior experience.

Who does cybersecurity most often intern for? Or it is totally random?

Is this you?

This is me! Better late than never!

This is in fact me.

Yep. Us older folks just realized the value of an education because many of us have been out there working and realized what’s out there better than the Younger crowd does. Nothing wrong with being a late college graduate.

Turned 30 in college but yeah lol, that's me. Felt weird taking classes with teenagers at times, but there were also people in a lot of my 3/400 classes that were much older than me

I've been going to ODU since 2009, I feel Thanos snapped to be more accurate.

I'm about to be both people in this pic xD For context, I'm an ODU alum (Comm/CinemaTV '21) and am more likely than not going back for Civil Engineering in about 2-3 years. I'll probably be 33 when I graduate again o\_o

The worst is having all those children as your lab partners.

Try being a math grad. I was youngest in most of my upper level classes at 24. Oldest I ran into was 84 yo.

Lol ive been thinking about transferring to odu at 28, its weird to think id be in the same class as other students that just graduated highschool 3 months earlier and i should be well into a career at this point

Yes

I don't need to be called out like this.

I have an AS and had a career making 70k, which is nothing much tbh. I went back to school in 2024 and will graduate Spring 26 with a degree in Cyber Risk Management and Cybercrime. 🎓 In February I’ll be 38.

No I’m a dude.

Yes. Nothing made me feel as old as going to the VT game this year. When I went DC United games when they had bleachers if I stood on a bleacher I could see everything and (at least in my head) looked super cool. At ODU standing on the bleacher was table stakes. I am 31.

32 and 155 credits I have 16 to graduate with a degree. I’ve quit so many times but I told my parents I would finish and I told myself next fall is when!! It’s taking forever haha

You've been here just about as long as the marching band has existed, lmao.

Do your older classes still count? Isnt there a limit to how far back you can apply your classes to a program?

That's wild. What do you do now?

College/life is a journey, not a marathon. Went back at 28 and so far I’ve gotten the best grades of my college career. Sometimes it takes going a different route to take things seriously

Honestly, some of the greatest friends I have I met when they were 33-35 and I was about 20. In the grand scheme, age really doesn't matter.

Fuck yea dude! It's a great feeling, no regrets. I'd go back for my masters of money weren't an issue.

Why u in the BU subreddit telling people they wont have time to get laid or party if they study STEM lol...

[https://www.reddit.com/r/BostonU/comments/18jyllq/comment/ktegie3/?utm\_source=share&utm\_medium=web3x&utm\_name=web3xcss&utm\_term=1&utm\_content=share\_button](https://www.reddit.com/r/BostonU/comments/18jyllq/comment/ktegie3/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web3x&utm_name=web3xcss&utm_term=1&utm_content=share_button)

🤣🤣🤣 oof

Funnily enough, I also have been here since 2009 (left and came back) and I was part of the marching band back then. Good times

Edit: https://youtube.com/@mmbdir?si=wwXpDMHop7gI9NlP
If you want to watch some of our old performances

To clarify, I started my masters in 2013, and I am currently working on finishing my doctorate. There is a time limit on classes but irrelevant in my particular situation lolol

[deleted]

That's pretty cool! The program is still kicking very well. I wouldn't trade the season we just had for the world.

That's awesome!

Uh you're responding to the wrong person lol, that wasn't me.

Yeah I heard it got a new band director and whatnot. I'd be curious to see when they replace the uniforms, they've been using the same ones since I went 😂. (Yes they get cleaned but still!)

Lol whoops ur right, My b

We're actually getting new uniforms next season haha. Finally, right??

Hahaha, nice! I'll try to keep an eye on them, hopefully they are stylish (I always had mixed feelings about the uniform )

I found this old commemorative fridge magnet ODU’s monorail project

Oh how cool it would be to get from the quad to Canes in 4 minutes

The MonoFail?

They need to just turn it into a walkway so we can just walk over hampton blvd

You mean the university umbrella?

So THATS what the big rail is for?!?!?

Lol big oof

I would take this off your hands in a heartbeat, I love the nonfunctional monorail 🚝

Have you tried a lime? On my speed unlocked one I could get from Rogers to whitehurst in 3min flat.

The Million Dollar Umbrella!

Would be very nice, "walk sign is on TIKTIKTIKTIKTIK" haunts my dreams

Last year I know there was an idea floated to actually put awnings on it to turn it into an actual umbrella

Last year I know there was an idea floated to actually put awnings on it to turn it into an actual umbrella

Sorry but it’s not mine to give away. I saw it in a staff break room in one of offices on campus.

How expensive does that get? When I looked at them before the $ per min was fairly high iirc.

and the ominous countdown

Expectations of classwork time for 8-week semester classes- there's a disconnect I've taught online for one of ODU's graduate program (async, online) since before Covid.  When I met withe the program director to discuss the transition to 8 weeks, I asked if the official syllabus and learning outcomes would be changed. Nope, the classes are still worth 3 credits and all of the objectives remain the same.  

In a 15-week semester, a 3 credit class should take 1 hour per class time and 2-3 hours outside of class PER CREDIT.  {See "Carnegie unit" for details} Therefore, students should expect to spend about 10 hours/week  PER COURSE under the current system. I've surveyed my students each semester and they average 8-10 hours/week.  The director agreed that under the 8 week system, the same students should plan to spend 20 hours a week for each course.

And YET... is this being communicated clearly to students? Here on reddit, I see students being excited to finish a program early because they work full time/need to spend time with their kids/have caregiving responsibilities etc.  I don't see anyone factoring in that they'll need to spend 20 hours per week for 8 weeks for one class. Some people are planning to take 2 or 3 per quarter. That's 40-60 hours/week.  I always have a few students who struggle to get my class done over 15 weeks and complain that 10 hours/week is too much.

I've taught online for decades and I'll tell you how this will go.  If you shrink a 15 week class into 8 weeks and keep all the content and learning outcomes, a small number will get A's.  A number of students will miss a week because of the flu, or they have a personal crisis, etc and will need to withdraw. And a really large number will just fail.  

OR, and I think this is most likely, ODU will claim they are maintaining rigor but will quietly pressure faculty to cut content and weaken standards.  Learning outcomes will be more 'I assigned a reading on it' instead of having any evidence of actual learning.  ODU will, essentially, be a diploma mill.

As someone who regularly hires for my field, I will be less likely to hire someone with an ODU degree.

Or am I wrong? Are all the students hearing this and are ready to spend 20 hours a week and not press to do less work?

And this is why people cheat their way through

So, essentially, the majors with mostly online courses are screwed 🫠

I was surprised at the amount of people that were in favor for this. I mean, if you do good at those accelerated courses then that’s great. I just have a feeling that a lot of people who are praising it are people who have never taken an accelerated class before….( I mean I could totally be wrong lol) I’ve taken accelerated courses before and I hated it. I’m blessed to say that I’ll be graduating before they implement this BS.

Recommend that you contact the Governor's office.  You are not alone in your concerns.

I've taught elsewhere for about ten years now (including online) and I have no idea how I'd go about compressing a senior or grad level course into 8 weeks without it becoming A) bad or B) a tremendous time commitment for students and instructor alike. I think it would probably end up being both of those the first time I did it. I wish I could be more helpful here but I honestly don't know what I'd do in this situation. Hopefully you (collectively) can get admin to walk this back

Damn so i should transfer? Lol

I could be wrong but I don't see how this change helps people graduate faster when you're still capped at a max credit hour per semester or 3 more with advisor approval, and advising material overall is warning not to take more than two per half especially if you are taking a traditional 16wk in person.

This is interesting to hear people think they'll get more free time in the near future. I personally work full time, have to cover my own PTO at my job, but tolerate the need for OT because they work with me around my school schedule. I feel like it's a struggle to maintain a work/school/life balance already doing part time classes and now they're also rearranging co-requisites. I hope the content isn't cut, but I also hope it is which sounds stupid, but I realistically don't know if I can keep up and maintain my GPA and I also don't want to lose quality instruction for things that will 100% be essential to my field. I also really value synchronous instruction when it benefits my learning (i.e. having my professors model specific instructional strategies or personal experiences from when they taught in schools). I'm an Elementary Ed major and not everything that I need to know to support student learning is something that a textbook or quick video can effectively or efficiently communicate. I feel like my only free time is gonna be to try to get 8 hours of sleep and I also have other responsibilities outside of work and school.

So those of us that are close to graduation either need to transfer and start over or we are screwed.

I’m so glad we did this for my last semester here at ODU 🙃 Where my internship will now be half a semester with the same amount of hours expected, and I was barely going to be able to fit it in during the 16w while working full time. If it weren’t too late for me to transfer, I would.

Been doing the 8 & 16 wk online courses since I started. As a senior I confidently say I have not met any one in the online program who spends more than 12 hrs a week on the normal online school work. Trust me we talk about it and we too think that is a lot just like the students too have now. You can't count the work you put into doing papers/presentations in that because that is no different online or in a classroom.

Have you bothered to ask any of the professors who are already doing the 8 weeks classes successfully and with passing students how they have their courses worked out? Because it's crazy to me to keep seeing "I don't know how this is going to work" coming from instructors/professors when there's an entire ODU global program in existence with just as much success as in class programs. 

And this is coming from a 50 hr work week, 10-12ish hours school week, 6-7 hour a night sleeping, middle aged, senior year student with a 4.0. Do the math, because unless an instructor is inconsiderate with the work load it's completely doable. Not always pleasant but obviously doable. 

I will say this... A HUGE help to your students would be to please allow them time over the weekend to do the assignments. Providing the assignments on Sunday night/Monday and then requiring them to be due on Friday by midnight is what becomes the most stressful. Those classes are the ones I see steadily complained about and have been the ones that have created the most difficult time management situations vs allowing the weekend to work on things and turn them in.

Every conversation I've heard from admin is them just not considering the QUALITY of education or frankly caring. Faculty have been telling them these EXACT concerns for months. They've consistently told us to shut up or quit. They straight up don't care if the education the students get is good.

Your points are valid. And I strongly agree. And it has put students and staff in positions to make choices that are not fair. 
But the fact as we are experiencing it right now is it's happening. And as a student, coming on here to continuously see posts by ppl who say they are staff and instructors and say they don't know how this is going to work, this isn't going to be productive, we can't do this or that correctly, etc...
I suddenly find myself and see many others commenting in a similar fashion about going from a student who finds confidence that I can make it work because I see the professors, who are facing the biggest hurdle to making this work, are finding ways to make it work as best they can,  to a student wondering if I am going to be able to wrap up my senior year and pursue my masters successfully if the staff who have to turn this chaos into success so that I can succeed just talk about the negatives and uncertainties. 

We are all aware this particular situation is crap. But the idea isn't new, it exists, it's existed for a long time, it works, there's schools everywhere doing it, there's plenty of accomplished and successful and thriving students coming from these types of programs. But that's all pushed aside when I scroll and see six months and some change of negatives. As a former teacher, continous student, manager, leader, former soldier, and survivor of this economy, to see an instructor say outright that they'd be less likely to hire someone because of a school name is CRAZY. Dispite it's reality. To voice it here shows unjustified judgement. It's snobbish, it's depressing, and hypocritical because as a professor of said school one should desire to be part of the solution or move along to some place they'd be more comfortable hiring from. 
Instead the impression has been left that they are about to provide an education that they don't believe could be worth employing as the op did. Leaving me hoping they don't get assigned to the op as an instructor who doesn't even believe their own work is contributing to employable students.

100% agree.

During a regular semester now, on-campus students take 3 to 5 courses (15 wks) depending on personal schedule. Each class, as OP describes, requires \~ 10hr/wk for adequate learning and performance. Most online students however take only 1-3 per semester.

8 wk seems designed for people who are full-time online students, with the plan that they take 2 and 2  for each 8 wk mini-term, rather than 4 at once per normal semester. But few of our online students are actually full-time. So, for most, the increased workload over a truncated time scale will be a shock. And \*speculating\* likely we will see more AI use than they already do and worse retention of the material they do actually put effort into. I share the fear that his is driving ODU to be a diploma mill.

I am a lover of taking one course at a time over the summer or as enrichment/continuing education, to enhance my knowledge in a field and to enjoy truly focusing on just one thing, but it is exhausting. I was and am a well prepared student, far above the average. Trying to do an entire degree like that seems like a recipe for failure, especially online when factoring in current average student preparedness. 

I would be happy to be wrong. I don't think I am.

This is why I'm just going to cheat my last year this Uni and it's diploma is turning into a huge ass joke

I’m looking to do an MBA somewhere but between this post and others on this change, I’m definitely second-guessing doing it at ODU.

This is actually very valuable information.  I was accepted for the MBA program and deferred to Fall, but now I’m reconsidering due to my concerns of the accelerated classes.

I am a junior with a homeschooled child and currently pregnant due a few weeks after the semester ends. I also work. I don’t know that this will work for me as I am strictly online. At times the 16 week semester can feel like a lot. Ive taken 12 week courses but never 8 weeks. I fear I may have to drop out if I can’t handle the workload. I have to imagine there are a lot of students in my position.

just use https://gemini.google.com

Yes, this is being communicated to students. I’m an advisor and am communicating it to all my students. I’m actually telling them that one 8 week class will require ON AVERAGE 12-15 hours of work per week, with some potentially requiring more. I am recommending no more than two per 8 weeks and actively reaching out to students enrolled in more than two to make sure they know the expectations and encourage them to adjust their schedules down to two at a time. For those who haven’t performed well previously, I am recommending the stick to one class per 8 weeks. I am discouraging all students from taking three classes per 8 weeks, the same as I would discourage them from taking six classes in a 16 week term, unless they are exceptional students.

I’m excited to be able to complete my PhD in public administration in only a few (maybe even just a couple?) years since the classes will only be half as long

I also wonder *what kind* of classes the ones advocating for the 8 week classes are taking. Because in most math, science, engineering, etc classes *I* have taken, we are always either on schedule or behind schedule (ffs today I had a professor tell us we are *two weeks behind* schedule. It'll be SO much worse with 8 week classes)

The people who answer the phones for the state reps and state senators are great to talk to and (claim to) pass messages onto the reps/senators. I have never been able to get a person at the governor's office, just answering machines. Pretty sure they recognize my voice by now. Other people should join in!

I teach Research Design; part of my pedagogy is in-class work on the computer - helping them access JSTOR (most for the very first time), setting up a workspace, coming up with search keywords, then going around to every student to ensure they are actually finding scholarly sources and saving them in the workspace. In a large class, that can take a week; but, it sets them up for being able to write an annotated bibliography using their sources, which will eventually become the literature review. Because most students have absolutely no clue how to do research at all, it takes at least a MONTH to go from searching the literature to having a clue about how the literature review will be written for the research design. I do not yet know how to truncate that effectively so students who’ve never done it will be able to with limited contact. Also, being able to do this IN-PERSON is better, because I can see when students struggle in real time, and most of the ones who don’t show up on those “in-class work days” out themselves as students who will struggle mightily the rest of the way, or pivot to AI (which will be obvious - and often wrong).

Yup

Personally, I'm trying to thug it out til graduation. I'm so close and worried there will be issues with transferring credits. But, it's definitely worth considering if you can swing it. I also am staying because I have family that works at ODU and get 6 free credits per semester through tuition assistance which is truly the *main* reason I'm trying to suck it up.

In my program, internships will still be 16 weeks but I can’t speak for others.

Yeah.....I don't get this. My last internship is in the fall before I graduate. I have no idea how to enroll and like, why split one internship into two courses???? Like how will this work

As noted, it's impossible to dictate how much time students actually spend. But federal accreditation requires that online courses be equivalent to in-person courses, and that means that an accelerated 8-week course should constitute roughly 18-20 hours per week. If they do not, the university is technically at risk of losing that accreditation, but even if there's no action there's no question that any argument of equivalency would be false. Whether it's acknowledged or not, an ODUGlobal degree would by design cover less material and feature less instruction than a campus degree.

As a faculty member who has built and taught an 8-week course, my concern is less that this "won't work" and more that it won't work for everyone. As an option, I think it makes sense. As an across-the-board change, it is forcing a diverse student body to adapt to a single way of receiving asynchronous online instruction, which in and of itself is already a challenge for some campus-based students. And even if we saw that this change would be better for everyone in the long run, there's no way that's true of a version of this change rushed in a single year as opposed to spread out over time.

There are numerous schools (especially on the West coast) that work on the quarter system and are legit schools. I’ve talked to colleagues in those schools and shared my existing syllabus. They all said I would have to streamline content and cut the number of learning goals. They recommended I Add in more assignments to check on understanding, scattered through the week- 8 weeks moves so fast. They expect their students to spend 15-20 hours a week on each class. (Graduate program- cant speak for undergrad.)

Is this universal? I’m sure not, but these are well-established profs whom I trust.

I get that the goal is the diploma, but it isn't worth much if you show up to work and don't know anything. For your own sake, please try to learn. Life is more interesting the more you know.

It's probably going to take you about the same amount of time to complete a dissertation

Classes will be half as long, but the workload will essentially double. I'll be honest and say that I don't believe ODU is gonna be able to handle this well haha

PhD classes aren't changing

I feel like it’s going to cause a lot of people to drop unfortunately, or perhaps cheat.

Similar reasoning here. I have just two more semesters after this, and I've been getting some great financial aid too. Granted mine is not *as* good as yours, but still

Follow up: I actually emailed with my concerns, and they adjusted the internship classes. It’s now 1.5 and 1.5 credits for my program. Downside is I now have my first eight weeks with 4.5 credits and my second semester is 7.5 😬

And as it is that you trust them you should take their advice and figure out how to make what you can work in the best way that you can. Given this is happening as we know it right now. 
I do not believe you sitting there with the intention to create a halfa** education for your students but as a former teacher, continous student, manager, leader, former soldier, and survivor of this economy, to see an instructor say outright that they'd be less likely to hire someone because of a school name is CRAZY. Dispite it's reality. To voice it here shows unjustified judgement. It's snobbish, it's depressing, and hypocritical because as a professor of said school one should desire to be part of the solution or move along to some place they'd be more comfortable hiring from. 
Instead the impression has been left that you are about to provide an education that you don't believe could be worth employing. Leaving me hoping I don't get assigned to you as an instructor who has expressed that your efforts when meeting the new standards are not contributing to employable students because of the name printed on our diplomas. 

Are you right about the prospects of a diploma mill... Time will tell. But right now that's not the case. And the crap fact is there's no clear way to prevent it but unless it happens we don't have to throw in the faces of students that the worst is yet to come and that you'd have a judgment about them based on the type of education they were able to obtian, when they haven't even participated in the new changes yet.

I can promise you the current teaching (unless you're in specialized classes like AI or cyber offense) is not going to teach you anything of worth due to being outdated for cyber. 

This may be different for other majors but it's a constant feedback to ODU that they do not prep people well enough for the field and students are forced to pay out of pocket to do personal things to actually learn. 

I'm not just some young student I have actual experience in the field from the military and it is indeed a joke here

Probably twice as long if the instructor has to cut content in order to fit the 8-week period, and the content they cut is something vital for the dissertation. For instance, you chose a topic for which the dependent variable is binary, but there was no time to teach logit/probit regression. So, you will have to take another class to learn it, the instructor will have to “teach it to you” separately, or the DV will have to change. It’s going to be a madhouse.

(Source: A professor stressing out over next semester, AKA me)

That’s not how time works

PhD courses are not FORCED to change, but programs have the option of transitioning to 8 weeks. It is possible that this program chose to do so.

Yes they are. All online classes are becoming 8-weeks - per the school. Hello?

Agreed. I've already seen some people transferring, and I can imagine many are gonna struggle bad. Hopefully most of us can make it out haha

I got super lucky and I'm trying to take advantage before my mom retires because I'm in my 30s and I've wanted to be a teacher since I was like 5 so even though it's been slow progress, I'm beyond grateful for the chance to get an education without going into tremendous amounts of debt. I'm like 6 classes including my seminar and an internship away from graduation so I guess I'm glad that I'm getting half that course load knocked out next semester not by choice, but I'm truly nervous about not being able to keep up with the pacing while working full time. I guess I'm hoping for the best and preparing for the worst at this point.

Ah yeah that checks out, you have my solidarity and condolences.

 In my field (literature) and in my experience it takes a minimum of like 4 weeks to research and write the kind of final paper you'd typically want to assign a grad class. So that's half the class right there and you're going to be really hard pressed to make the other half comprehensive enough, even if you're going to try to make people read like 1500 pages a week (I had to do a forced march type seminar like that in grad school once, and it was not conducive to people actually learning the material)

You have to do the same amount of work but in half the time. So yes, the workload doubles.

you should contact your program. i am a faculty member and no doctoral programs in my college are becoming 8-week. it is only master-level and below. your graduate program director will know about your specific circumstance. i'd be shocked though.

also ODUGlobal is not the same as ODU.

Yes ODUGlobal is the same as ODU. It’s not like UMGC or Purdue Global that are completely separate entities. 

ODUGlobal is just the online division for ODU, it’s not a separate entity. The faculty are the same for both and the diploma says ODU on it.

Would you do it?

[deleted]

Probably not for history related things, but definitely for psychology, art, and so on

absolutely not like half the professors I’ve seen at this school have a rate my professor rating under 2

Absolutely not because I enjoy learning outside of the thinktanks that modern universities have become. After 3 years of college, I just view the institution as a gatekeeper to the piece of paper I need to get a job. If I want to learn something unrelated to my degree, then I'd just learn it online by myself from a variety of sources, especially when it comes to topics like art, history, and psych. All the info is out there for free already.

Was a long time ago for me, but some of the worst behavior for this was in Computer Science. They actively did not want to teach or didn't know how.

Any other subjects?

What if you could choose a different school?

it’s probably not very different at them either

Presented with no context.

Hot tub displays? 
Why wasn't I invited?

Bottle service in the VIP area gonna be LIT tonight

A Hot Tub & Swim Spa Blowout Expo is scheduled for early May 2026 at the Chartway Arena in Norfolk, VA. From Google.

Upvoted for no reason.

Probably for an ad

This feels like the back rooms of Beast Games

They're just standing there... MENACINGLY!!!

Your username doesn't exactly suggest good hot tub company.

are ODU admins stupid?? (forcing accelerated 8 week async online courses) I saw a news interview about the change and staff conducting a vote of "no confidence," they brought in one of the administrators to interview and she basically said "students who take 8 week classes do good." It sounded like she lacked the nuance that the students who \*continue\* to take 8 week classes do well, but the ones who failed / didn't like it went back to doing 16 week classes.

I mean these online courses, some of them are bad, but most meh. Mainly just reading from slides created years ago and homework is from third party resources like Pearson, I don't see why the tuition cost for online courses is this high, but the board of visitors wants money and the "school" needs their football and new buildings, yet ignore the dorms and existing buildings that need maintenance.

I chose ODU over other options because I value the 16 week courses. I’ve done 8 at NVCC and I hate em. If this goes through, I’ll be looking to transfer.

Being honest certain classes needed to be learnt at a slower pace not just to ease it for students but because they really need a deeper level of understanding. But in the current situation I think they rather wish to be more of a business than an educational institution trying to support student welfare. Also it's evident from multiple mails the people responsible for teaching aren't happy about this but the so called "leadership" doesn't want to understand their concerns just ridicule them and walk past it saying they trust in the University Head's Decision which for most part does not make sense, it's like asking how to save a patient to a mail man. Hope at least someone can get to their senses and work on this matter seriously because it's not just about leadership vs academia, but also the future of countless individuals involved.

The admins are fooling themselves

They're transitioning ODU into a degree mill, and they're banking on students' apathy and/or submission to it by making abstract and unconvincing claims about "pRoVeN ReSeArCh", all while not providing links to said studies. Just straight up vibes.

In a word, “yes”.

I’m a professor: Many of us are stressed TF out because of this.

First, most TEXTBOOKS are written to accommodate a 15-week instruction period. Cutting the instruction period in half means we have to double up the work; or we cut it in half, omitting key concepts and pieces to the overall “structure” of the subject.

Second, there appears to be a “duplication of effort”, because my classes are interdisciplinary and cross-listed. Next semester, I teach each class TWICE - 8 weeks for one discipline, and 8 weeks for the other. It’s the same material.

It’s a shitshow.

You're absolutely right. Education quality with go down, everyone who thinks for a second knows this. They simply don't care. They just think it'll make them more money, as though students can't notice when they aren't learning.

Hemphill, Payne, the BOV, and pretty much the entire administration in Koch Hall need to be unceremoniously tossed in the trash. ODU deserves better.

The president did this the faculty was super against it

ODU alum here.  Veteran too.  I have many ODU Profs and students in my orbit.  They warned the Administration that these changes are problematic for all the reasons stated.  Time for folks to contact the Governor's office and let them know that this is a train wreck already.  ODU is a great university.  It's time to quickly stop the damage before the Fall semester.

Adding to my comment earlier, from a employer standpoint the students are chalked too as employers are sceptical about hiring students from a shorter setting and only around the top 2% who are naturally skilled from that setting will get picked. Being a student myself I can see how the market is going down and closing off opportunities for students who didn't have a say at what the administration decides.

Worst of it? They make events like cook-outs to cover up everything as if nothing ever happened and show off that everyone is treated and being heard. Every individual that has attended these cook-outs by the University President knows that it always happens only in the Hemphill's backyard and only between late Summer and Fall never during Spring. All in all they are just trying to create an illusion that everything is going as per plan and everyone is on the same ship when nothing is going as per plan and no-one's on ship with him except his minions.

This worst of my nightmares, where we all know things are up to no good and still none can do anything and the cherry on top? Now that he's on the path to ruining this university when it's reaching it's low he'll just quit and walkaway leaving his consequences behind to be faced by people who actually wanted to work for the University and actually had students well-being in mind

i took anatomy 1&2 online. i could not imagine having to rush through that course in 8 weeks. ridiculous.

I’m literally trying to sign up for my final course which is an internship and no one has any answers. It has a 400 hour requirement and since I’m online it’s blocking me from registering for the 16 week version and the 8 week version is unavailable. No answers from any staff, I have emailed 5 people with 0 answers. This is literally my last course before graduation.

i no longer will take online courses unless absolutely necessary

I have taken 95% of classes since 1994 in person at the Naval Academy, UMGC, and Naval Postgraduate School.  It is far superior to online IMO. I also teach college part-time, and I did a semester teaching online during COVID.  It just is not the same quality; it is a TEMU education. You do not want ODU to become an online diploma farm like some of the ones you see all over the place.

Some of the courses are insanely bad

Most of these courses already suck and the professors are laughable at best posting course material that's 6+ years old and still from blackboard. This will just only increase that. Then they'll wonder why students end up either cheating more because it's a pointless course at that point or just dropping out

I feel like a lot of people who are in favor of the accelerated classes are people who have never taken an accelerated class😭 I could totally be wrong though. If you like the accelerated classes, that’s great. However, I would say the majority does not because of outside responsibilities. I really hate how they just put it on students instead of just giving us a choice. ODU will become a diploma mill. Quantity over quality.

I did a master's degree at another university that has 8 wk classes. I freaking loved it! I did it FT. Two classes per 8 wk term. Graduated with a 4.0 while working a FT and 2 PT jobs in addition to being a husband and father. Now, we didn't have some third party make the class. Each professor created her/his course.

I'm sure I'll get downvoted, cuz I'm in support of change. And frankly, people don't like change. That's ok. I don't need to sit at the cool kids table in the middle school cafeteria.

That "admin" is their lead comms person

It's going through. They've screwed up registration for so many online classes because they're "re-formatting" and just said check back regularly for updates. Even Leo online has new instructions for online vs. on campus students and it's dependent on your admission date as well.

It's a done deal.

In their defense, they did provide research when they first announced the decision!

To the point at hand, that research was narrow and in bad journals and in no way justifies the scale of this action.

Someone told me classes are asynchronous. Is this not accurate?

I’d have to look into it, but I have an inkling that someone with a lot more legal power than any of us might take issue with a change like this devaluing a degree paid for by taxpayer dollars through the G.I. Bill.

I am an alum as well. I plan to write the governor, my representatives, and the head of the education and appropriations committees.  This decision to convert to eight week courses was rushed and is poorly implemented. Here is the link to the committee members: https://house.vga.virginia.gov/committees

Absolutely… he’s going to walk away and leave this mess for everyone else to clean up… AND with a golden parachute. They all will. Disgusting.

Speaking as someone who has been hiring individuals for almost 20 years now.

We don't care about the dynamics of any particular program. Competency based programs such as WGU, boot camps, accelerated, online only, hybrid, traditional, or whatever other templates are out there. It doesn't matter to us, and we're not going to look into it at all. There's simply not enough hours in the day to care about the program itself. I gain substantially more actually gaining insight into you than I do knowing whether you were an online or in-person student.

We verify that you actually earned the degree and that's as far as it goes.

Reach out to your advisor if you haven’t already, they will do what they can to find you an acceptable alternative that it can be swapped out for. I had to do this for my upcoming final semester as well.

I just heard from my advisor that they're updating scheduling because new courses will be capless so they're gonna get us in and they just haven't updated everything yet. It's a whole mess, but figured I'd share that information if it helps provide any reassurance at all. I'm really sorry you're dealing with this especially for your final internship.

I’ll bite. What works for you might not/will not work for everyone (happy that it fit your needs either way), some students didn’t WANT to take accelerated online courses, and a lot of “traditional” students when choosing ODU had no inclination or knowledge that this change would happen—let alone so quickly. And before you suggest it, many of us are too far into our degree to justify transferring. Forcing it upon students who opted for the traditional experience chose it for a reason; if they wanted accelerated courses, they would have chosen a different university all together. If anything, this change in my opinion should only be applied to ODU global programs whose degree tracks are designed for situations like yours.

Edited to add: “Change” should come with genuine consideration of the opinion of both faculty and the students whose money keeps the lights on, which is not happening. The entire existence and purpose of faculty senate, student government, student representatives, etc is to stand as a reasoning voice for such “changes”. That a public university of higher education which claims to be structurally democratic in nature in regards to communication of changes and ideas doesn’t in practice follow this structure is telling of the administration’s true allegiance to this ideal.

I don't think it's the change that's upsetting so much as the ambush of it all. Most people know they're offering 8 or 16 week classes prior to enrollment at other universities that offer these models. ODU is springing this on us and only field courses are going to remain at 16 weeks. They also have turned this into a mad dash for faculty to try to condense courses, have not been transparent at all with what to expect, and now many of us aren't even able to register for our classes. They also can't answer questions about whether they will truly be asynchronous. 

I can only speak for myself, but as someone who works full time, 8 weeks is not ideal at all for my schedule, I feel my courses that are essential to my degree are being condensed and rushed, I'm not able to currently register for my classes at all, and they are making multiple courses co-requisites with no warning which also impacts my financial situation as someone receiving tuition assistance that just paid off my loans. Don't get me wrong, I'm very appreciative and grateful for the tuition assistance, but financially having to re-factor in loans to cover these mandatory linked courses with no warning or alternative option is super frustrating and disappointing. I think one of the biggest concerns is with such limited time to prepare, we're going to see a nosedive in course quality.

They also evidently are switching to a "no cap" model which means you'll be randomly assigned a professor and class which is frustrating for those of us who like to read reviews and choose our professors.

I enjoy 8 week classes as well. Additionally I need asynchronous classes. And living in the middle of nowhere Virginia in-person simply isn't possible for me. The closest school is UVA and that's still a 90 minute drive one way.

The traditional college approach is horrible for adult learners. It's geared towards those who can actually make school their #1 priority. I've got a family to think about. I can't afford to take off work every Tuesday and Thursday for a couple hours to do even a zoom call for a lab or recitation. Nor can I miss events with my kids for school. For me at least, it's not worth it. I'm already well established in my career and I don't need school, I want it though and this new approach is exceptionally helpful to me. 

Personally I don't care if I get down voted either. I chose ODU last June when I was told about it over GMU because of this.

Just because it’s good for you doesn’t mean it’s good for everybody. Especially how there are certain classes that should not be taught in 8 weeks, i’ve even seen a professor made a post here stating how hard it would be to condense her class. If you’re someone that likes the accelerated courses that’s great! I’ve taken accelerated courses before, and I didn’t really like them. What I think the problem is, it’s the fact that they’re forcing it on the students instead of giving them a choice. I also feel like this would run down the quality of education for some courses, cause more cheating due to the demand, and turn ODU into a diploma mill.

Hmm, okay. Do you know if it was only one instance that they provided references to the studies? I’ll go dig deeper and find it; I’m not opposed to being proven wrong. If the studies were only included in the initial announcement of the decision, I think it’s ironic and disingenuous for an institution of higher education to expect students to adhere to the continual practice of ethical communication (citing sources) while not maintaining those principles themselves in subsequent iterations. It reads loosely as a form of coercion.

I will admit, I love playing devil’s advocate and I’m relatively jaded by the recent criminal history questionnaire’s lack of hyperlink to the Virginia law they claim gave them the authority to conduct it in the first place.

They are

I agree. I wonder what the Google contract states and how long we are tied to them. Someone asked me about a FOIA request to see the details.

His Radford playbook all over again

I'd be curious about how folks with a fake degree like WGU (and, soon, ODU) fare against folks who got an actual education that involves critical thinking, broad liberal arts background, etc. (From your perspective)

My advisor literally told me he didn’t know and then gave me the directors email who also did not have a solid answer. Plus the class has a synchronous weekly meeting but it doesn’t allow you to choose based on the professors scheduled meeting time like previous semesters. It’s a mess.

My advisor said the same thing but had no other answer for me other than to register for both and wait to fix it

Fair enough. I guess what's good for the goose isn't always good for the gander. 

I can see where the rushed timeline can be problematic. I do sympathize with you and your peers on that.

FWIW, I wonder if a preemptive announcement would have earned more traction. Lots of colleges and universities are going to shorter terms. As an older student, I enjoy the journey through each degree. However, I want to get the fluff out of the way. Give me content, and let me write a paper immediately afterwards. With 8 wk classes, there's no time for fluff. You're knocking out a couple chapters and a moderately sized assignment each wk.

My attitude may change in a few years, though. My second master's has 7 wk courses. When I go for my doctorate, I'm sure I'll miss 15-16 wk courses especially once I reach the dissertation phase.

Well said!

"I'm smelling what you're stepping in."

Local higher ed is going through some rough patches. VWU getting changed to Batten U has many in that community flustered.

Has anybody requested a meeting with the president of the university or board of visitors? There's gotta be something that can be done. What about the student body president? He/she is supposed to be the voice of the students.

ODU has a large number of traditional aged students. We saw from Covid era that online learning was a disaster. 8-week courses work well for many non traditional and older students. Not all though.

I do not believe they've ever been student-facing. But it was a OneDrive folder compiled in July, featuring research covering different parts of the initiative (the asynch, the accelerated, etc.).

Wait he was President at Radford U and did this? Does anyone know what happened?

Very little difference in general. 

I will say this though. On the rare occasion I've had a candidate jump out at me and I've said that we're hiring that person, they've always been a traditional college grad. I can count how many times it's happened on one hand though.

So wait they had you sign up for your internship for the 8 and 16 week course for it? I feel like no faculty got any guidance on this process at all and they're now being forced to wing it. Why could they not wait til next spring to roll this out and have it organized and everyone on the same page? So money hungry with 0 concern for how this impacts anyone.

I genuinely feel piloting this as a project might've been better to read between the lines of whether or not it'd work. But imagine being a student in a traditional setting almost nearing semester end and out of nowhere a mail arrives saying you're course is accelerated and it will end in 1 week? I've seen a lot of students go through this and in no way is this an acceptable transition or planning to change a course mid semester to accelerated course with no option.

The board of visitors just ruled a no confidence vote in the university administration. We've signed petitions, called, emailed, etc. It's not an optional thing where students or faculty are being asked to weigh in and none of our voices are being heard. They just casually sent out an email to students and faculty before many faculty members were even aware stating "This is what we're doing." We've been trying to advocate against it, but they don't seem to be concerned at all about the consequences or impact on anyone. It's all about maximizing profit.

Honor Under Fire: ODU Cadets Receive Army Recognition for Bravery and Sacrifice

Outstanding!!

Well deserved

Taylor Heincke, A Legend Taylor Heinicke, a ODU legend, just balled out against Tom Brady in the playoffs. The team lost but he was awesome. Props to him, I'll forever be a fan and of ODU!

ODU FOREVER! 🦁

I used to wear a "Heineke for Heisman" shirt to the games when he was there. Dudes a beast!

Stay Safe / Indoors Tonight. It’s Nice Out Again, Which Means “Friendly Folk” Are Out Don’t get caught up because you thought you had the freedom/safety to enjoy night life in your city/ around campus. 

💙

Yeah I JUST got a message about there being a shooting - you aren't wrong ;;

Dr. Hemphill can offer all the therapy in the world, but it can’t fix Norfolk. I will say this; This is the first incident this semester and February’s almost over, so statistically, we’re.. doing better? Idk. 

Condolences to the victims, whom I understand are in critical condition. I hope they pull through. This was.. some sort of domestic dispute? Very generally speaking. Idk details to a t. I just get ambiguous emails from authoritative figures and am left to my own devices. 

Stay safe and vigilant, all.

We really shooting up the dining hall now. Stay safe y’all

So scary. Two dead and shooter is still on the loose. It happened right by the dining hall.

Stay safe y'all

jfc )): please stay safe you guys..this is so scary

Everyday I'm grateful I dropped out, ODU really needs to move their campus out of the ghetto

Oh shit two dead? I just heard two got hit, not that they were dead

If it’s any consolation, it is believed the shooting was targeted for this specific woman and the man stepped in to try to help but got shot as well.

I know it’s still scary. My boyfriend is in the dorms just a few minutes away and I can’t help but worry about him.

Let me rephrase I have new information sorry. My friend said he saw two people laying there and read one was shot in the head (woman) and the other in cardiac arrest (male). If no one gave him cpr within ten minutes he’s definitely gone. I doubt anyone stayed around for that.

i feel guilty admitting this-i’m safe 4 hours away in radford, but i have a close friend who goes to ODU and i’m from the norfolk area as well. i’m so sorry you and everyone else has to go through this, especially so late at night with little to no answers. ): those poor two people…it’s heartbreaking.

Hope that you've heard from your boyfriend and that he's okay. My wife's sister attends ODU. She's likely asleep so we haven't heard from her yet, I realize the chances are low but still a bit nerve wracking.

My thoughts to anyone else affected or uneasy tonight.

Holy shit, I hope by some miracle they both end up okay (even if it's unlikely...)

Worth mentioning that both victims aren't students or odu affiliated if it helps ♡

Yes he’s okay thankfully, I definitely started crying. Definitely nerve wracking, I hope she contacts y’all asap.

I just read a news article that they are alive but both have life threatening injuries in the hospital.

Sorry for the misinformation, was going by what my friend had thought.

Two males died

[deleted]

18-year-old Delanio M. Vick and 20-year-old Timothy G. Williams

OHHHH my bad they must have named her a guy's name. Dumb.

No i realized I'm wrong my bad lol

Online education is overpriced and underwhelming  I’m a junior engineering tech major and just found out I’ll only have the option to take two classes in person until I graduate. My senior design class won’t even be in person. We pay an insane amount for each credit already but my greatest concern is that the online classes I’ve been shoved into so far have been prerecorded videos so we can’t ask questions in class and professors who use automatic grading and don’t provide solutions to homework or quizzes even after you email them asking for guidance. I live in person classes. It allows me to make connections and feel involved in my career choice but now I wonder if my classes are entirely online why should I continue attending odu and not a different university. Is anyone else upset about this or am I overreacting?

Have you discussed this with your advisor? Mind if I ask which discipline you're in? 

I went thru the MET program myself and had similar experiences as far alot of remote classes. I had a discussion with my advisor about it and ended up dropping my concentration so I could get in person classes and graduate sooner.

I agree. I think online education is a great thing to have for the flexibility it offers those who need it, but those who want an in person education should not be forced to settle for substandard online content.

I transferred to ODU from Regent University because of this very reason. I never felt I was learning what I needed to; at least not at depth. ODU offered my degree in person and I don't regret it at all. If there is a school that has your preferred learning style then go to it. It's your education and your debt do what is best for you. 
I'm not sure how the online programs work, or if you're saying you're in an online program, but maybe you could transfer programs to be in person?

How about transfer out

[deleted]

I think it is totally fair to feel like you are getting the short end of the stick when you had thought your college experience would look differently. That said, through your whole life there will be systems and people who cause barriers to your progress and you are going to have to be proactive in your problem solving to find solutions that work for you.

Yes, that might look like finding a program at another school that fits you better. It might look like taking any remaining gen-eds and electives at the local community college so you can be in person and get them for cheaper. It might be taking the initiative to create an in person study group for those classes. Or throwing yourself into one or more of the [Engineering Student Organizations](https://www.odu.edu/engineering/student-organizations) so you still feel connected and actively networking.

I hope you take the frustration you feel about this and turn it into a positive experience. I've seen too many students just throw their hands up and let these sorts of issues make them miserable. I'm sorry your class experience isn't up to your initial expectations. Good luck with navigating this.

I think it is totally fair to feel like you are getting the short end of the stick when you had thought your college experience would look differently. That said, through your whole life there will be systems and people who cause barriers to your progress and you are going to have to be proactive in your problem solving to find solutions that work for you.

Yes, that might look like finding a program at another school that fits you better. It might look like taking any remaining gen-eds and electives at the local community college so you can be in person and get them for cheaper. It might be taking the initiative to create an in person study group for those classes. Or throwing yourself into one or more of the [Engineering Student Organizations](https://www.odu.edu/engineering/student-organizations) so you still feel connected and actively networking.

I hope you take the frustration you feel about this and turn it into a positive experience. I've seen too many students just throw their hands up and let these sorts of issues make them miserable. I'm sorry your class experience isn't up to your initial expectations. Good luck with navigating this.

Yeah I’m in CET I decided not to do a concentration but I’m keeping my minor so I can have a baseline to study for the FE. About half of my credits left are major requirements and the other half are minor requirements.

It's great for continuing your ODU degrees from another state when you discover you need two more years to get into a particular medical field on the west coast

That said, it still feels shitty.

lol right mine are 600

Yeah I live ten minutes from the place but with a full time job and being a dad it’s nice to just join class via video call at the end of the day

Out of state pays $1000 a credit I could never https://ww1.odu.edu/tuition-aid/tuition/rates

Lol you could on west coast salaries like me

Walked by a protest of that professor with the MAP comments.

I feel that this went so much worse for the professor because of the term MAP.

Like even if they were dead set on using a trendy term, why not use NOMAP (non offending minor attracted person)? 

At the end of the day, if people want help, they should be able to get help.

https://youtu.be/o25I2fzFGoY a relevant argument on "soft language"

I really gotta get into this schools community better. I actually saw this, no idea what is was about, and continued walking. The only place I talk to other students outside class is my roommates and this subreddit.

What’s worse is the types of organizations trying to piggy back off this like turning point USA

Sad to see someone presents a possible plan to work towards a solution to pedophilia and people go after his living for it. It's actually pretty disgusting that these people are attacking someone looking for a solution.

Cause those terms imply a choice of sexuality rather than someone who needs help.

It was bad because the organization the professor did the interview was founded and includes several convicted predators that openly speak about legalizing and normalizing certain forms of abuse and activities that have been proven to cause recidivism in offenders. It was poor judgement and the wrong forum for an "academic" argument about getting these people into programs before offending.

This entire thing reminded me of this

I knew what this was before I even clicked the link. Love me some Carlin :,)

Nah you can't make this a right versus left issue. Pedophiles suck ass and making light of it pisses a lot of people off regardless of political stance.

The professor is using the same term as the crazy ancap creeps who want to make pedophilia legal so that's not a great look.

You're fucking delusional.

What the fuck kind of crack are you smoking?

It’s not a solution because calling them a different name won’t solve anything. And the argument they were making was less of “therapy should be more readily available to these people to hopefully prevent any incidents before they can happen” than it was “the term pedophilia is stigmatized, so let’s change the name so it means kinda the same thing but not really”, 

because semantics are what /really/ matter when it comes to pedophilia and CSA /s

Since when is anyone's sexual attraction a choice? What the heck. Did I choose to be a gay man? When? Prove it.

Could you elaborate further on your first sentence and provide some further reading or information to back that up?

As an advocate for primary prevention, I have spoken with dozens of pedophiles, most of whom do not want to harm kids and some of which are teenagers just looking for the proper supports. One was a high school student, outed by a therapist to the entire school. If we want them to get support instead of harm kids, why hate them?

But that wasn't his argument? Don't you think the points made and argument presented should be most important?

How am I delusional for seeing someone has a possible solution? If these people are protesting him what are they protesting for? Are they saying we should say "screw it"? I think saying "screw it" to attempting at developing a solution to reducing one of the most horrifying crimes is delusional.

https://www.reddit.com/r/ODU/comments/qsdwnq/nonbinary_author_and_assistant_professor_at_old/hkd1232?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share&context=3

I spoke about it over here
 https://www.reddit.com/r/ODU/comments/qsdwnq/nonbinary_author_and_assistant_professor_at_old/hkd1232?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share&context=3

Actually yes the word does matter. I spoke about it in this other post.

https://www.reddit.com/r/ODU/comments/qsdwnq/nonbinary_author_and_assistant_professor_at_old/hkd1232?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share&context=3

Sure. If you follow the provided links or search the names yourself from the item by item review, it's all open source and readily confirmable. 

https://www.prostasia.info/

I can agree with this, but I also wouldn’t call it something “wrong.” Afaik there is no “right” to sexual preference. It’s all natural. There is however what is acceptable to society. Learning and building from how the LGBTQ community was treated, such people shouldn’t be put down, but helped to better conform to societal norms for the safety of them and minors. If someone feels like that, the implications should still be just as bad as they are, but help should be more available and when seeking help they shouldn’t be put down for something out of their control that they are trying to get help for.

Thanks for the reply, I'll have to check out that link. Admittedly I didn't have all the information before I made my comment.

ShoeOnHead did a pretty comprehensive video on the topic. Also what is particularly... gross, is that the address for Prostasia happens to be a building right in front of an elementary school.

It's hot button and everyone is entitled to be upset, particularly with how it has been framed and presented to us.

She did a video where she incited violence against a group of people and misled people on purpose, just as you are now doing. The entire dismissive reaction to the topic of prevention of sexual harms is frankly disgusting.

Somehow, that doesn't surprise me. These orgs are a lot of the reason non-offenders have nowhere to turn when seeking support. Stunts like setting up shop outside a school while fighting to strike down Megan's Law... That's not trying to destigmatize getting help. That's ... just wow.

It has been presented as an issue you should be mad about, rather than an issue we need to think logically about. What happens when we demonize people as the culprit of a wide variety of social ills, and pretend people can never change, using their pasts forever against them? What happens when we lump those with a history with those with no such history, 14 years old and discovering in horror that they like children? Will they seek out support?

Uhhhhhh, I am for the discussion that the professor is outlining and against her firing, why are you finger ☝️ at me saying I'm against it?

Old Dominion University Army ROTC Cadets describe what happened when a gunman entered their classroom.

Thank you, Army ROTC cadets for your bravery and courage. We will be forever grateful for your actions that day and have no doubt that you will make great leaders. Thank you Lt. Col. Shah for your service, and rest peacefully. #MonarchStrong

\#monarchstrong

Artist threading Filipino culture and local history into a mural near ODU Filipino muralist Venazir Martinez is painting a new mural near Old Dominion University’s Chartway Arena, blending Norfolk history with Filipino heritage through her signature “red thread” — a scarlet line that links all her murals worldwide. 

The project is funded by a Filipino American endowment established 27 years ago, reviving cultural programming at ODU. 

The mural will be completed before Martinez’s public lecture Thursday at the Baron & Ellin Gordon Art Galleries.

Read more here: [https://www.whro.org/arts-culture/2025-10-28/artist-threading-filipino-culture-and-local-history-ulture-into-a-mural-near-odu](https://www.whro.org/arts-culture/2025-10-28/artist-threading-filipino-culture-and-local-history-ulture-into-a-mural-near-odu)

That sounds like a powerful and beautiful exhibit

Saw her getting started! Can’t wait to see the final design.

ODU site update on shooting This was posted on the ODU site.

Holy shit. I pray everyone’s okay 🙏🏿

Thank god I had work today…

[deleted]

Where did you get that fact? ?  Nobody really knows anything at this point.  Please don't speculate.

Don’t be a fucking moron and assume he meant to kill more or make assumptions at all.  Let the police do their job and put that kind of information out.

Norfolk author's highly praised novel is bound by love, courage and resistance Old Dominion University professor Princess Joy L. Perry’s novel, "This Here is Love," was inspired by a powerful moment she experienced while visiting Thomas Jefferson’s Poplar Forest. There, she confronted the emotional toll of slavery and family separation. 

The book, set in southeastern Virginia in 1692, explores the lives of free and enslaved Black characters navigating chattel slavery, severed families and the fight to maintain humanity under bondage. 

The New York Times included it in its list of the Best Historical Fiction of 2025. It has also been longlisted for the 2026 Aspen Words Literary Prize.

Read our full coverage here: [https://www.whro.org/arts-culture/2026-02-10/norfolk-authors-highly-praised-novel-is-bound-by-love-courage-and-resistance](https://www.whro.org/arts-culture/2026-02-10/norfolk-authors-highly-praised-novel-is-bound-by-love-courage-and-resistance)

2024 undergraduate cermony in a nutshell

I froze my butt off but waited for them to finish reading names. Next year they're going to find some way to force everyone to stay lol

I sat through everyone's name, but they couldn't be bothered to do the same for me 🥲

Dang and people out here asking for tickets

It was too damn cold out there for me to sit around 😂

Shi was ridiculous, it wasn’t even a long ceremony

I graduated at the Ted 🙏

This happened at last year’s graduation too. It was really hot that day. And while it’s cool to see everyone who is graduating it is just too dang long.

I stayed too and it was nice to hear the alma mater at the end, tbh I think they should just find a way to do separate ceremonies or at least do half of the colleges in the morning and the other half in the evening

I doubt it. By the time I got up there the president was visually tired of it and also wanted to go as fast as possible

They want the tickets for their fam so they can leave ten minutes later

ngl 4+ hours is long, i was one of the last few to walk anddd the seating was so unorganized, my entire family had to stand the entire time including my grandma who uses a cane to walk

That's how it used to be

They could always just go back to the smaller ceremonies 🧍🏼‍♀️

Yeah it’s crazy to me, I did my undergrad at VMI so you know our asses were there the whole time, all four years too….

Weeks After Deadly Shooting, Tensions Around the ODU Campus Persist

One thing we need to be clear about is that university leadership is intimidating, suspending and threatening to fire anyone who speaks up or criticizes the admin openly. They are doing this off the record, AKA not in e-mails, so they avoid legal liability. This means the reality is kept in private conversations. On top of that media is not interested in publishing anonymous sources, so we get admin having ALL the say.

Great article!  We need some compassion from the board for our students and faculty!

Is there anyway to protest against the admin?

The administration is bullies and should be investigated.

Let’s face it, the Board of Visitors is the C 
Suite and the students and faculty are the others. Think of it more in corporate terms and you will see why the Board could care less about the students and faculty unless said students or faculty can somehow generate more money than the students or faculty to their left and right. 

This isn’t about safety it’s about Saving 
Money that is. 

Security upgrades cost tons of money and require more staff and subscriptions, don’t return actual money back to the coffers like say a shiny stadium would as well.

The link to the article is broken... maybe they are silencing anyone criticizing the admin

Sad this is the norm in the US

It's interesting, I serve as alumni advisor to a student org on campus and have asked their feedback and opinion on the recent activities. They are not in fear while on campus. They feel some individual active are unfortunately unavoidable. They said that they still feel safe on campus. When asking about the 8 week sessions, it was similar. They are of course full time on campus students. 

Personally, I started on my Masters at ODU but didn't have the time with my work schedule. I am actually set to start a program with an identical extreme l schedule in May.

Maybe if they didn't continue to shoot off guns on campus, we'd feel safer again.

This is true and happening all over.

Yep, happened to me earlier this year

[Call your representative](https://www.reddit.com/r/ODU/s/N0hEUEUlVM)

I also updated the post today to focus on the [JLARC process.](https://www.reddit.com/r/ODU/s/3SDLzVKNAc)

Agreed . Board of Visitors only cares about their pay check . Shameful to the reputation of our institution.

The link is likely just broken for you. Here is an internet archive link of the article:  
  
[https://web.archive.org/web/20260404035229/https://maceandcrown.com/5825/news/weeks-after-deadly-shooting-tensions-among-the-odu-campus-persist/](https://web.archive.org/web/20260404035229/https://maceandcrown.com/5825/news/weeks-after-deadly-shooting-tensions-among-the-odu-campus-persist/)

Lmao the admin is not Palpatine or the government

Agreed, understand the desire to honor LTC Shah with full military honors, yet literally across the street from Constant and using the urgent messaging system was worse than tone deaf.

The culture of intimidation is out of control

Thank you!

Broken for me as well, this one works

Never a single problem or performance issue but I had "incorrect" opinions about AI. As best I can tell that was the reason tho of course the cowards would never say it

I'm so sorry about this. I'm angry for so many decent people on campus who are being abused by this admin. The AI push is pure, lazy, anti-intellectual marketing. There's far, far too many doctorates on campus for us all to pretend we can't do critical thinking.

I've watched so many good people removed for being "inconvenient" or asking too many questions. They dont call this guy Trumphill for nothing

Faculty Senate Votes No Confidence in ODU President Hemphill in 41-7 Vote Monarchs, on March 10th there was a faculty senate vote that discussed the "Forward-Focused Digital Transformation" chief among them the fact that faculty were not asked for their input on these changes.

"On Mar. 10, 76% of the Faculty Senate voted in a show of no confidence in President Brian Hemphill, Provost Brian Payne, and Vice President for Digital Transformation and Technology Nina Rodriguez Gonser. The vote resulted in an overwhelming 41-7 majority against the selected members of staff, with six voters abstaining."

As students and staff how are **YOU** feeling about this?

I’m an in state online student based in northern Virginia with ADD. I chose ODU over GMU for my post NVCC transfer because I can’t handle hard accelerated online courses. I work mostly full time and need the slower pace of 15-16 week courses. I can handle 10 and 13 week courses but not 8 and not all 4. I’m a senior so I won’t be transferring over this, but I am very very irked to say the least.

I hope the president will resign over this, it’s not a wise and reasonable idea, it’s all about money money money. The president/leadership is doing this only to showoff their flesh personal boasting “accomplishment” when they leave the office one day. It’s a shame. I hope there’s a process for students and faculty/staff to vote the president out on this.

Very frustrating to me personally. Taking civil engineering technology, I have a lot of courses that cover some pretty complicated topics, just like many degrees, I'm sure. Unfortunately, the CET degree is also offered as part of ODU's online global campus, which means a lot of my classes are already only available online, even though CET is a degree offered to on-campus students. This was already very frustrating, as courses like surveying have been repeatedly held only online when the course description explicitly mentions how students will engage in field work and use standard surveying equipment, when that key component of the course is essentially gutted from the online deliverable. Since a lot of my classes are already only online, this new move by ODU leadership has effectively made a very large portion of my degree to be completed in 8-week sessions with no other option. I am not against the option for 8-week online courses, but to make it the standard comes off as a careless decision to the very diverse set of learners at ODU. I was already upset by just how much of my degree, as an on-campus student, had no in-person options across multiple semesters, but now to also be forced into accelerated programs feels like I'm more likely to end up having to retake a rushed class and give the University more of my money when they keep moving in directions that harm me as a learner.

They claim the 8-week shift is to target the growing amount of ODU global students who hold other responsibilities, such as work, internships, or military duties, but as a student who has an internship, I would happily go on record and state that I would not find any benefit from accelerated courses. They tried to sell this shift as if it only affects the online courses, but if other degrees are anything like my own, then you guys already know that plenty on-campus students get stuck registering for an online course.

Means nothing unless changes are made

Means absolutely NOTHING if nothing else is done remember that people

I exactly the same. I’m lucky I’m early in the coursework because had I been in your shoes I would’ve shit on his desk

I’m also a senior with ADD, this policy is totally unfair. I’ll be graduating over the summer, but I can’t imagine taking eight week courses. The only time I took an accelerated course was over the summer and I felt way too overwhelmed. I felt like I barely retained anything.

They tried; Faculty Senate voted “no confidence” in the president and Board. Both responded by doubling down.

I’ve got senior blues so bad I actually wish I had strict professors lmao.

Stand Up and Turn Around during Youngkin’s speech

Perfect, I'm still floored he's even speaking.
He makes our state look like a joke every time he opens his mouth.

I don’t get being upset about this. Doesn’t the school have a tradition of having the Governor speak at graduation? It’s no different than ever before. I get that he has said and some questionable things, and failed to even try to bring about some much needed societal changes. However, he is the governor and it’s really no different than any of the other morally questionable Va governors that have given Commencement speeches over the years.

I'm proud to have participated in this protest.

All the people posting this stuff arent even graduating. Get over it, imagine being so pressed about the university continuing the same tradition it has for multiple decades because you dont like the speaker.

Can't wait to hear him speak.  I voted for him just like the majority of Virginians did.  Perhaps OP would be best sitting this one out and finding a safe space to melt.

Great way to get alumni to donate money!  /s

DO NOT GET A CS DEGREE FROM ODU. THEY WILL TAKE YOUR MONEY AND MAKE YOU TEACH YOURSELF. YOU BETTER GOING TO A CODING BOOT CAMP

What actually “policies” affect you?!?

Wow you guys are soooo cool

Damn, you graduated college without ever growing up. Impressive!

Thirty people

Why is it shocking that he is speaking. He is the state governor and this is a state school. I feel like this is something we should have seen coming

Easy to say that when his policies don’t effect you

College students DEFINITELY shouldn't exercise their right to peaceful protest to stand up for what they believe in, you're SO right. 

heavy sarcasm, proud graduate that participated in the protest here.

The majority of Virginians did not vote at all in 2021  - less than 20% of Virginians voted for Youngkin. So you’re not respecting an American’s right to protest or their fair representation.

IDK peaceful protesting for what you believe in seems pretty grown up to me.

Of course they should exercise their right to protest, the first amendment is important. But my claim was proven when i said most students don't agree. During the ceremony there was very few people that participated in the "protests" more power to those that did.

And your hiding behind semantics

No, you're "protesting" because a democratic election where a majority won didn't go your way. That's not grown up, that's being a little bitch. Get over it and hope it swings in the next election.

You were implying the protests weren't legitimate because the people posting this stuff aren't even graduating and belittling those that did by telling them to get over it. 

I appreciate the tone shift in the reply, but if you're gonna respect people exercising their first amendment rights, be consistent with it.

i’ll put it in simpler terms for you: in a country with abysmally low voter turnout, you are in opposition to America’s core values if you can’t even handle a couple of silent protestors. 

Perhaps it is you who needs a safe space if you can’t handle peaceful, silent protest. And perhaps you also live in an echo chamber if you believe that a majority of Virginians agree with you and any disagreement is a meltdown.

Goooo Monarchs!! Way to beat VA Tech :)))

Y'all go over and look at r/virginiatech lol they hurtin

next is jmu💙🤍

Losing to us is genuinely embarrassing, get fucked chokies

We da best.

Nah I think we have a pretty good team this year! I'm kind of excited to see where they are gonna go!

245 total offense, 3/16 on third down? Thats no bien amigo. Defense made it happen last night.

Yeah listened to some VT podcasts on the lead up to the game and it was as if ODU wasn’t good enough of a team to make this game competitive.  Which obviously wasn’t true, just blowing smoke up there fans asses

Call The Governors office and you local Representative about your frustrations with ODU Leadership If you are frustrated with the direction of the university call your representative. If you need a brief explanation on the importance and how to call your representatives watch \[Folding Ideas quick video on the topic.\](https://youtu.be/KXXYkLa-HHI?si=0KZSCBmAh9Kqzg56)

The governors office has direct control over board appointments and can express concerns(and pressure) over the direction of the university.

In your communication, be specific and succinct, stress recent news like a breakdown in trust between students and faculty with leadership and the worsening quality of online education with the transition to 8 week courses in a race to the bottom. 

Governor’s office:

Phone: 804-786-2211

Email: abigail.spanberger@governor.virginia.gov

Mon-Fri: 9:00am - 5:00pm

Find your local representative through \[WHO'S MY LEGISLATOR\](https://whosmy.virginiageneralassembly.gov/)

And contact The State Council of Higher Education for Virginia (SCHEV) \[Contact Form\](https://www.schev.edu/about/contact-us)

I'd highly recommend this for students. Sadly, university leadership has actively ignored concerns from faculty for some time now.

The 8 week course thing is purely a money grab. They are forcing professors to teach a full semester of course material in half the time, which takes time away from students to understand, practice, and absorb what they’re being taught. The school is cutting the pay in half for professors for the course and still requiring the same amount of work in half the time. 

They’re making an education at ODU far less effective. They want a worse school in favor of saving money on faculty pay. That won’t work out well in the long run, but the president will be on to his next job with bullet points on his resume about how he made the school run more efficiently or some similar BS.

How much influence does the governer have in the affairs of odu?

They don’t care about students, faculty or staff. They just care about themselves.

What’s this about again?

ODU leadership needs to wake up, the president needs to step down, the CS department definitely needs to be cleaned, so many CS professors don’t want to teach at all, they don’t care about students at all.

I’ve been at ODU for years and never felt so ignored. It’s disheartening that we’re not respected by leadership now.

The state makes up roughly half of ODU’s funding. The governor’s office controls appointments to the ODU’s board of directors. If the governor wanted ODU to change it would force the hand of the university to change.

Governor Youngkin had forced Hemphill’s hand on many issues during the EVMS merger as it relied on state funding to make the merger financial feasible.

I just got off the phone with a local representative and an inquiry is made on the ODU’s 8 week online transition.

ODU leadership has generally lost the trust of faculty and students over them forcing a transition from 16 week to 8 week online courses. This change was forced through quickly and not communicated to faculty or students anticipating backlash to the change. The faculty senate voted overwhelmingly infavor of a no confidence vote in president Hemphill over the issue a few weeks ago.

There are multiple other qualms with leadership over raising tuition and housing costs, poor communication, poor transition during the EVMS merger, quality of existing online class coursework, canceling of winter and May semesters, and most recently the criminal questionnaire. This 8 week transition is just the catalyst of existing frustrations with campus leadership.

It really is so, so disheartening. It has me looking at the exit. Leadership honestly acts like they hate faculty for speaking up and want us to shut up and follow orders. But we all want the best quality education for students, I truly don't think admin cares about that.

Can you offer any more info on Youngkin forcing Hemphill's hand? I'm happy to read an article about it, but it sounds like it would explain a lot of the stubbornness of Hemphill lately.

Good. Someone also needs to ask about what they did since last year’s shooting to make campus more safe.

Oh my gosh, you are completely right. I thought it was a joke when I received an email asking if I was a criminal or not. I didn’t completely understand that a week to 16 week online course but I can see how forcing students to speed run their education, especially in the hard sciences is a recipe for disaster. I only been here for two semesters and I plan on finishing, but this is getting ridiculous.

People with Guns on Campus (wtf) So this is probably the third instance this semester I’ve gotten an email for about generally dangerous as fuck activity on campus. Been a Monarch for two years now, I think the minimum of alerts per semester is at least 3. 

Stay safe out there, people. I would hate to wake up to the news that someone’s pride cost them their lives. It’s like refunds hit and people get hunted for the next month. Norfolk fucking sucks.

Yeah I'm not living on campus this semester and even I got anxious after getting the alert ;;

Hopefully this bs dies down soon

That ODU Global hitting right now *Hides under bed and logs into account*

President Hemphill needs to do something. We need keypad access to the buildings or something like why is it so open ughhhh

there’s never been close to enough security on campus. it’s been really chill since i was a freshman but now that’s there’s hella people on campus they really need to tighten up security measures, especially within the dorms. this is not only concerning, but a really bad look on odu the fact that this has happened multiple times and it’s only the third week of classes.

You all deserve better. A lot better. What is the administration doing about it? Do you think students are dropping out because of this?

Right it's crazy never had so much alerts within a month let alone first month. First 2 dorm robberies then someone with a gun in Webb is crazy. I need people to chill out I gotta stay late on campus sometimes.

This stuff started real hard last semester towards the end. There was a sexual assault in the parking garage, this summer 3 people went into a dorm and did the same thing those guys did the other day. We are supposed to have like 3 police stations on campus. I've seen 1 cop this week. That's it.

You are your own protection and rescuer.  Police and Fire only respond to an incident occurring or after it has already happened unfortunately.  

That said, more active policing would hopefully have an effect on the current situation.

Love propaganda being shoved in my feed for no reason

I’m close, like walking distance <15mins, already had my car broken into in the last couple months as well but that’s just Norfolk charm I guess. Stay safe!

Thank goodness I’m taking my classes online

Wait so the doors into the building aren’t locked?!?

Fun fact about keypads/cards; no one is responsible enough to use them. I DoorDash. Ireland loves to just whoever the fuck in and the student housing on I think 39th/40th is a JOKE. At least a few doors always open down the halls.

Hopefully it doesn’t get to the point where someone gets seriously hurt before real action is taken. I know/at least would assume security and local pd do what they can, but that follow-up email this morning just didn’t hit right.

Definitely not. This kind of behavior has been happening for YEARS

Exactly what I mean, a lot of people still take night classes. Stay safe out there.

Do you go to ODU? There's been 2 armed robberies IN DORMS on campus not even the Gresham dorms but the quad which is crazy because that's like in-in campus and just last night a guy with a gun in the web center. It's not even propaganda the whole campus is talking about it so if you're not a student than scroll and if you are be careful

That's a fact .. I'm bout to start a private security company and start renting out my team to students on campus 




My business motto:
"If the bullets fly, you won't die .. or your money back!"

the ones in owen are im not sure about the others

I used to doordash around campus and OMG it was a pain. They better be lucky I went to school there and knew the building names

Local PD has NO duty to protect you. None. Years of Supreme Court and lower court precedent backing it. They will not be there to help. They show up afterwards to fill out paperwork.

I am so sorry.

Thank you, you too cause all this has me scared.

I don't so there's literally no reason this should be being shown to me, I only look at like aircraft and fantasy stuff on here. I've never been recommended anything else based on location maybe they changed their recommendation algorithm? Just election time things I suppose. Sorry that my response was rude, have a good night and stay safe.

Many of the arts buildings automatically lock after a certain time I think like 8pm or 9pm

I appreciate your last sentence I hope you are also staying safe election time does bring crazy out of people no matter where you are in the states

I feel gross for being a part of the algorithm problem with possible “hot words” that could make this appear in other feeds, I hate that. My apologies.

Yeah that's not your fault don't apologize.

Mourning Rock -or Call to Action?

She no drive good.

Vab 2nd floor

Did they bring the trashcans back?

Based

Is it -ln2

https://share.google/7cxppYrgSEyzTzp0c

1st female Blue Angels jet pilot pick is ODU grad based at Oceana

🤟🏻

Go blue

If you go to the top floors of the library just to talk in groups you’re a horrible person. As an individual with adhd, I literally have to get away from distractions to be productive. I do my work on the third and fourth floors of the library as they are the only escape from distractions. There literally are floors of the library where you can talk.

I genuinely don’t get it? What’s the point of meeting on the floor where everyone else is quiet just to talk? Are people just that inconsiderate and self entitled?

Yo that’s what I do (study up there not be in loud groups) in my experience the 3rd floor is so much quieter than the 4th floor

Report them to staff, 3rd and 4th floors are supposed to be even quieter than the first and second.

If you are comfortable doing so, definitely let a staff member know if people are talking on the 4th floor; it is a designated quiet area. You can send a chat from the Library's home page, or you can go to the stairwell and call the Help Desk at 757-683-4178. They do get very busy down at the desk, but they can usually send a security guard up there. Also, staff on the 4th floor typically will tell people that you need to be quiet.

I haven't seen a quiet library in ages. I tried using the satellite student center to study but that was a shit show. I tried the (city) library near my house and it was louder than a social hall. It's too distracting at home. I have resorted to driving weird desolate places to get quiet time in my car. I'm sure I'll get popped by  serial killer for the effort.

Spotted this plate at a rest stop on I-95 in VA. Stay Dirty Ol Dirty.

That's awesome!

Love it! Ol'e D...........

Thread of businesses offering free services As the title says, here is a thread of businesses in the Hampton Roads area offering free services to ODU students/faculty during this troubling time. Comment any more that offer. Will try and update this periodically:

Doug's Hot Dogs

Vessel Craft Coffee

Norfolk Botanical Gardens

Virginia Zoo

Virginia Living Museum

Norfolk SCPA

Sky's the Limit Yoga

Velvet Witch

Soma Wellness

Watermark Psychological Services

Live Body Brave Studio

Hot House Yoga

Push Comedy Theater

Latitude Climbing and fitness is offering free access all weekend. Including the Instagram link[latitude post](https://www.instagram.com/p/DV1Jjl8jvnC/?igsh=Z2t4eHdidG1oNmFo)

Gud Yoga too

dragonfly art studeo

The ~25 Army ROTC cadets in the class that was attacked hopefully are aware of these offers.

Dear Freshmen the parking garage on 43rd and elkhorn is a one way. no matter what level you are on, every turn is to the right. 

seriously please stop driving to the left- there’s no left turns in there and you’re actively being the most dangerous problem in the garage.

People are doing that?? So glad I park in 45th 😭

It’s genuinely scary how these ppl roam the streets with us on the public roads. Like how do you not know how a parking garage works?

Also use your damn turn signals when you are parking especially if you are backing up into your parking spot. It’s annoying AF for someone to just stop in front of you only for them to start backing up with no signals

not just a freshman problem i seen grown adults in the garage do this as well

No matter how many arrows or signs there are. They never learn. Some people just decide to ignore them. Parking tickets are everywhere.

In the 15 min it took me to get out of there Wednesday afternoon around 3pm, I counted 3 girls driving the wrong way who were getting mad that everyone else was mad at them 🤦🏻‍♀️🤦🏻‍♀️🤦🏻‍♀️

💀 Damn thats bad

They turned the lights off at the back of webb

should bring this to pd/security to either fix it or get temp lights

Nightmare scenario lowkey

I knowww, I almost ran someone over on a lime because of the blindness.

I used to work at the front desk of Webb and one night all of Kaufman just went dark, it was wild

You have a light

WHY CAN'T YOU PEOPLE JUST WALK WITH YOUR LEGS? Most of you could use the exercise anyway.

You've never seen light bulbs go out before?

The coverage on the light is garbage. I could only see 2 feet in front of me, which is far too late when your going 20mph

Edit to add: the blindness was so short, I didn’t even notice it at first. Once I realized, I of course slowed down.

Disability, lol….

I have, but not the entirety of Kaufman Mall at once

Crazy idea. But maybe dont go 20mph when you cant see good.

I used to have a bike with no light. I onlynwent fast at like 1 am. If there was not enough light to see, i would NOT GO 20MPH.

Obesity doesn't count, lol...

So, you've never seen someone flip a switch connected to multiple lights and turn them all off at the same time? Or a power outage? Or the lights in your home flicker off on occasion?

That's a big ask, people on those lime scooters dont even slow down for stop signs. Its amazing that more of them are not taken out by cars

That’s actually sick of you to say.

So, I am not referring to the lights being out as the wild aspect here, I am referring to how dark campus gets once the light is absent. As a college campus, that's obviously a major safety concern.

But please, continue telling me how lights and/or power outages work like I don't have a college degree.

I'd call it natural selection.

No, sick is taking up a whole sidewalk as an individual.

Oh ok, so you understand how electricity works but just not the day/night cycle of our planet. Just to lyk when the sun goes down it gets darker outside, which leads to less visibility of your surroundings. Unless there's some other form of light like the ones at Kaufman then it will be very dark. Congrats on that really useful degree though, you're a true genius.

Upset about the 8 week change to ODUGlobal online classes? Join the virtual open forum with the president and push back on this decision! See my previous post for additional context: [Heads up: ODUGlobal is changing ALL online 16 week classes to 8 week starting fall 2026](https://www.reddit.com/r/ODU/comments/1nv6bgx/heads_up_oduglobal_is_changing_all_online_16_week/)

President Hemphill is hosting a virtual open forum for ODUGlobal students on **Monday, October 6 at 5:30pm EST** and **Monday, October 20 at 12:00pm EST**. [RSVP here](https://odu.kualibuild.com/app/68b1cf9741b8e4027e56a19f/run) to have your voice be heard on this issue! (A confirmation message will be sent with the Zoom link upon registration)

I rsvp’d. I’m pretty upset by this.

There are also in-person forums on Monday at 12:30 and 4pm in the Student Senate Chambers in Webb, for campus students.

The replies I got to my emails were basically 'blah-blah-blah' type of noncommittal. Only one stated that it is online only going to the 8 week structure, with on campus remaining as a 16 week.

Edit: Every email reply has been a copy-pasted pre-written message.

View in your timezone:  
[Monday, October 6 at 5:30pm EDT][0]  

[0]: https://timee.io/20251006T2130?tl=Upset%20about%20the%208%20week%20change%20to%20ODUGlobal%20online%20classes%3F%20Join%20the%20virtual%20open%20forum%20with%20the%20president%20and%20push%20back%20on%20this%20decision!


^(_*Assumed EDT instead of EST because DST is observed_)

rsvp'd, this is about the stupidest decision they are making

This is especially true when you have the back to back classes

Whiteboard in Education atm

Zoobl :D

Nigga tadc are we serious

What changed?

Freedom

Aged.

The will to live.

Haha I wish this was true

Real. Now I have to adjust back to regular society because I have to get a job.

Still me at almost 50 yo. I'm not a morning person despite having to get up abt 0430 for work. 😭

In two sentences: 

You are in a new environment with less amazement in the everyday world because you are not a young child with structured classes and activities to keep you busy and be fun, or at least engaging, non-stop anymore. This is natural, sure, but it does not have to be the new, permanent norm for you because it is within your power to try new things - ideally healthy and beneficial ones - and occupy yourself with this endeavor, as well as your studies, to open your eyes to new possibilities and interests you many have or grow to have.

In an essay that is worth reading, but painfully long:

The accurate and uncomfortable answer is that the person in question got comfortable and was thereafter made to feel uncomfortable by any slight inconvenience. It's actually a huge problem on the rise in the United States.

Unfortunately this is especially hard to overcome for people who believe they know hardship but think hardship is a small and subjective thing they've experienced when it is clearly not something they've experienced if they are overwhelmed easily or incapable of growing as a person and working hard. 

This is a product of people being too accepting and gentle of the bad and unhealthy behavior of others instead of somewhat toughening one another up in a manner that is cohesive with survival and improvement. Humans are animals like any other, but they have stopped evolving, started devolving, and gotten, by and large, fat and lazy (particularly in the United States). Especially the ones who are least intelligent or willing to change. This is immutable fact.

I am NOT saying that this describes you. It certainly doesn't have to either.

It's probably not that you are in any way less capable, energetic, strong, or fast than you were in high school. It's probably just that you have grown somewhat disillusioned with things in the world which you once saw as magical or interesting. This is a relatively common thing for people to experience in their early twenties until they gradually find some new things they enjoy and which improve them physically and mentally as humans.

I'm in my early 30s, grew up in poverty, have been exposed to significant amounts of industrial and chemical pollutants and hazards, experienced multiple small to medium injuries, gone through multiple phases in life of experimenting with different hobbies and interests, and I have multiple medical conditions that are called "disabilities" by many other people. However, your personal approach to life and to each part of it is what defines you and how your life will be. 

I am not even a strong example of good things, but I am not overweight or underweight, and thus have no medical conditions from unhealthy lifestyle decisions. I spend time only around people who are good influences, literally very impressive people, so that I can learn the qualities they exhibit. I make sure to spend time doing at least a few things that I find bothersome so that I will never lose my ability to do them. I meal prep no matter what. Healthy food no matter what. Have found some hobbies and interests that are long-term at this point and are sustainable with varying amounts of energy put into each one. I DO make excuses, but very seldom, because it's extremely bad for you and those around you. I never drink coffee with anything added because that's how you counteract the whole purpose of drinking coffee by crashing from the sugar or cream or whatever cancer you're adding. I make sure to always have something that depends on me for its survival - ideally just plants since they require less than animals, but still require us to give care and learn new things about how to keep them alive. I do physically demanding things most days, play a one on one or two on two sport (that I like) at least once a week.

All that said, I am barely starting to feel any effects of aging at all. Yes, I remember being 17 and having so much energy bounding and overflowing, making me feel like it was almost the only viable option for me to climb things and jump over things and do other fun, goofy, acrobatic things in public places or climb a house or tree. Yeah. That was a thing. It just gradually fades and there are new things you find interesting or worth your time. I never really noticed that kind of change much. I am just as physically strong or more than I was at 19 years old, I am about the same speed (regarding running), and I still walk the same speed most people jog at. I can take just about as much physical punishment from long hours of labor, and more punishment from physical or mental pain or discomfort than I could then. I'm more honest with myself and with others. I am more prudent. I am more discerning. I make more money than I thought I realistically would. I even look a bit better now.

Interestingly enough, I have noticed that both people who are younger than me by 5-10 years, as well as people who are older than me by 5-10 years, complain astronomically more than I do about pretty much anything you could think of while I'm at work. We all have the same hours. We all have the same things expected of us. We all have to work hard for a while, have most of the same tasks, I sweep and mop the floors and take out the garbage and wipe up the spilled coffee someone left out yesterday just as much as the new 18 or 24 year old people at work and still make time to fix broken shelves or equipment, etc. To clarify, my job is to supervise, write reports, send emails, and train people. I still do that.

As much as I just beefed myself up, that wasn't my intent. I only mean to point out that: we can be and do so much better than we are told or asked, or even than we expect to be. Just because I'm over 30 now doesn't mean I have to accept limitations that I have seen and heard others accept at this age. I have met men and women who are more fit and active, as well as intelligent and friendly, than I am who are almost or over 60 years old. Biology and socioeconomic factors only play so much of a role, and then it's ALL our responsibility. So why can't I be doing great, healthy, energetic, and have a good time if a woman dealing with menopause or a man wearing bifocal glasses can? The answer is that there is no excuse.

Maybe I just developed some good habits because I saw them as challenges and wanted to emulate those who I looked up to. I read books more often now, and they're more nonfiction than fiction because I like to learn new things. Yeah, that never has to go away. Finally, my significant other is more impressive than me by almost every single measure you can take of a person. That helps to keep oneself on track.

Sorry it was so long, but this is something I feel very passionate about. People let their whole lives go by every day, just getting fat, taking a new medicine, fighting with the doctor who DOES tell them they need to change their lifestyle, lying to themselves about anything they don't want to believe even though they know the truth. It is pathetic. I wish people would understand that they are the main reason for anything and everything in their life being how it is, but it's not easy to tell people that.

I hope this helped in some way. Feel free to reach out if you did read this response and the length didn't scar you for life. Lol.

That was not 2 sentences. Downvote for LIES!

Not one lie was told in this. I have been thinking about this a lot for a while, but my execution has been extremely lacking. I always end up talking myself out of something bothersome or difficult unless it is absolutely necessary that I do it

Is anyone thinking of transferring from ODU Global? I am a business student at ODU Global online and the recent announcement of the 8 weeks online classes has made me reconsider whether or not I want to continue being a student at ODU. For one, the lack of no confidence vote from the faculty senate is pretty concerning. The recent emails from the Board of Visitors regarding the safety concerns that faculty brought up does not instill confidence in me that the school will do what is right for the student body and the faculty. It seems like the administration is focusing on what makes them money only. I also worry about what the 8 week timeline will mean for the quality of the education I will be receiving. What if ODU Global loses its accreditation because of the new format? I have already started looking at other online schools and wondering if there is anyone else in the same boat.

As an alum, I think 8 weeks is really fast for undergrad learning. I’m doing my MBA online at William and Mary and they do 8 weeks per class which for grad level feels appropriate but I can’t imagine getting a group of mostly 19-23 years old to keep this schedule when they don’t know the basics. I’m wondering if they want the courses to be more structured like grad programs but this seems like a shit idea.

Knowing how greedy ODU is, wouldn’t surprise me if this is deliberate to get people to have to take the classes a second time for extra money.

Yes. I am in the MPA program and expressed the same concerns to my professor during their office hours. I was urged to relay that same information directly to the program director. Faculty is also not looking forward to this forced option.

I am a student on campus and I am thinking about transferring because of them and the president and I’m only a few credits from graduating

Let the higher ups know! They keep pretending the new format is a magic potion that'll fix all of the university's problems

Too close to finishing. If I was a freshman or sophomore I would transfer.

The moment they announced it and didn't listen to feedback I applied to another Uni.

I’m a student on campus thinking of transferring. A few years ago there was a gang r@pe in one of the garages and they said they’d put in new cameras- that never happened. You can’t get to half the blue buttons now thanks to construction or at least you can’t get to them easily. And this was just kind of… the proverbial straw that broke the camel’s back. Nevermind the fact that “ODU Cares” doesn’t give a flying fuck at all about us. They just want to document things and then pretend they did a great job and pay themselves on the back. 

Hemphill should be embarrassed and leave. The no confidence vote should happen and the Board should be replaced for their reaction.

Also remember, the classes aren't set for 8 weeks. They are set for 7 weeks and 1 day.

Already in progress honestly. I’m at the point that if it wasn’t a hit to my GPA for transferring I would’ve dropped the classes an not done this semester

Tons of online programs out there are doing 8 week sessions. As a working professional it tends to fit in with my schedule easier.

Yes. I have two semesters left but I typically take the max credits per semester. However, I’m a mother and cannot manage 3 of the 8 week courses at once. So if I’m forced to take two then I’m taking less credits per semester than I can handle with 16 week courses. It screws me over and honestly wastes some of my GI Bill. 

I’ve been disappointed with the curriculum and classes available online for political science majors anyway. If I can find a better program that fits I’m going to jump on it.

I left last year because I felt like they didn’t care about their online students and that they were bleeding me dry for my money (increased my tuition and added extra classes when I was 70% done w my degree it pushed me back down to like 61%). Best choice I ever made and I wish I would’ve skipped ODU entirely because I feel like they wasted my time and money. If it makes you feel better, ODU is only really known locally. nobody outside of Virginia is gonna know wtf ODU is realistically. I think on the national scale it’s down in the 200s as far as ratings go. An online school degree will do the same thing theirs will, I say do it.

Alumnus here. So how are these 8 week classes being applied? Are you required to take 8 week classes concurrent to one another or is each class consecutive? I’m a grad student at William & Mary and our courses are 7.5 weeks but we take courses consecutively (one at a time).

Im too close to finishing and started taking one class per semester anyways because I ended up reenlisting. Most of my coworkers take 8 week courses in other universities online so I just feel like im getting with the program on this one. I feel as though all colleges are moving towards this new system not just odu. If you feel the need to take full semester courses I would say to transfer. Otherwise, as someone mentioned earlier, adapt.

I’m not at ODU go, but I’ve done 3 post bachelors online degrees and 8 week classes is super common. I prefer. Keeps things moving faster. My doctorate program has 8 week classes

Nope! Sink or swim. Time is money for everyone and they know it. Better to adapt than to keep complaining about what you can’t change.

Personally, I love 7-8 wks format. Get the fluff outta the way. Hit the ground running on the first day of class.

I'm an older student. I'm using my graduate degrees to pivot to another occupational field with my employer. Am I gonna retain a lot in 7-8 wks vs 15-16 wks? Nope.

I'm certain I'll get downvoted for my opinion, but I'm not gonna lose any sleep over it.

Faculty complaining that they have to adapt?! I work for the government. I've had to adapt to the mess DJT has put on us. Like the Marines, Improvise. Adapt. Overcome. 

Not that it matters, but as an alumnus of ODU, Dr Hemphill, you have my vote of confidence!

A lot of working professionals take online classes due to the flexibility, but it will be hard to keep up with the 8-week pace if you are working 8-5 and trying to raise a family. This seems like a misguided decision by the administration.

Most schools require a minimum amount of credits (~30) to graduate from their institution.

same. no where has a degree close to what i have so im kinda stuck

I couldn’t agree more. They just put bandaids on safety issues and don’t actually solve them. Their most recent email from the board shows the board doesn’t even want anyone to evaluate whether things were done well or right. If you so strongly believe they were, why are you so scared of an investigation?

This is gonna be very difficult for material retention in language courses

That’s not accurate. The first Fall 8 week term starts August 24 and ends October 16. Exactly 8 weeks.

I lived 1 state away for 20 years and literally never heard of ODU til I was recruited to come work here. This idea that they're going to become nationally known is ridiculous.

Where did you transfer to? If you don’t mind sharing, of course

each semester is now split into two 8 week terms. if you need/want to be considered full time, you need at least 12 credit hours a semester, which means you will need to take at least two 3 credit courses per 8 week term.

Just wanted to add that only field experience courses are now going to stay at the 16 week format per my dept head yesterday and my dept (education) is reformatting which classes need to be taken concurrently which is going to require manual overrides from our advisors.

I think you can if you want to. The way I understand is that instead of online courses being the full 16 weeks Fall and Spring or 12 weeks in the summer, now everything will be 8 weeks

Only applicable to online courses.

Good point. Thank you for that perspective!

Facts and soon everyone will be changing to this format not just odu

What about the military that gives a lot of business to ODU? The reason I chose them is because of the courses. I am an Accounting major and you have to know a lot of the basics to understand materials. Even the military said this was not good and they did it anyway. They could have given an option but to change the whole thing!!! No notice! No open discussion with the people who pay tuition there??!! I am an older student who is starting a second career. Everyone does not learn at the same pace. So no this is not good. They are shoving down our throats. No I will wait for Spanberger to appoint a new board over the summer to decide what to do. This is terrible.

I have two masters and am working on a doctorate. One masters was 30 day classes, then MBA at WM was 8 week, and my DBA is 8 week. I’m also a People Ops director for a govcon, have kids, and a military spouse. It’s not that hard.

I beg to differ. I did a master's FT, while simultaneously working a FT and two PT jobs. Married with kids, too. Graduated with a 4.0. It's very doable.

Good point, I have a long way to go so shouldn’t be a problem

Wow thank you Chris while you are right that is not the case where I’d be transferring to thanks for your two cents

Southern New Hampshire University (SNHU). I know it seems degree mill-ish but it’s actually been an extremely nice and professional experience so far. My online tuition for 2 semesters is cheaper than 1 semester at ODU and I honestly feel like the quality of education has been much better (speaking about online only I never went in person at ODU) I felt like most if not all of my classes at ODU were set up as discussion board/quiz every week with unit tests + midterms and a final exam. SNHU has weekly discussions, but the weekly assignments are usually written assignments and the “final” is always some kind of project. I know this doesn’t work for everyone, but for me personally I feel like I’ve learned a lot more by having to write about what im learning rather than just trying to pass a quiz and a test. Their late work policy is also the same for every class and is EXTREMELY forgiving (can turn in work up to a week late with only 10% taken off no matter what day you turn it in. Can’t submit them past a week unless you make arrangements with the professor). 

Thanks for reading if you got this far :) I know a lot of that is TMI but I wanted to share my experience in case you or anyone on this post is thinking about transferring. They took all of my transfers from TCC and ODU, and I didn’t have to take an extra math class like ODU was requiring me to. If you are thinking about going to an online uni I know several people who also had a great experience at WGU but it’s set up differently from SNHU so keep that in mind

Oof 😬. This seems problematic on the surface. I wonder what motivated them to change all online course lengths to 8 week sessions.

Most online schools have already adapted 8 week classes. Moving to a different university won't make things any better. I looked at transferring and I'd pretty much have to start over due to the curriculum differences between ODU and other programs.

Accounting. You have my attention. I originally wanted to get an MBA. Took accounting but dropped it after a few weeks. I just couldn't wrap my head around it.

My wife works in accounting. She laughed at the assignments. She's like, "That's not ya do it in the real world."

I'm preparing to start a doctorate. As long as there's no accounting, I'm confident I'll do well.

Gotcha. Just wanted to throw that out there in case.

Thankyou so much for replying!

Do they allow you to take 2 or 3 classes at same there?

What was your college major at SNHU?

I know this is pessimistic but my best guess is money. they want people to fail so they have to pay to take the class a second time.

I did see that, but a lot of them changed back because of the grades and complaints of student not familiar with basic knowledge. It’s one of the reason I decided to stay and finish my degree but now with 5 classes to go I don’t want to set myself up for failure otherwise no support. This should change with ODU visitors board being replaced and Dr. Hemphill and his team removed.

Just seems a bit mansplaining to me when it wasn’t the question asked

No problem, good luck with whatever you decide to do!

Yes! The advisors are super helpful with all of it too, mine calls to check on me at the end of each 8 week period.

Yeah I’m not so sure. They should have given ample notice and provided a good case, including literature, on the benefits to this move.

Struggles

I was interviewed about the survey

how is the survey going to ensure the safety of the campus?

Everyone needs to refuse.

For the students. 
Are you even going to answer the survey? 
If you will, will you answer truthfully or just put what looks best? 
I completely agree with everyone who is not answering the survey.

How did it go?

It won’t; administration will see those who happen to respond in the affirmative and attempt to purge them.

I answered before I realized it wasn’t mandatory. I saw it, and got anxious about the deadline and didn’t want it to affect anything for me.

I deleted the emails. I’m not answering.

I would never do something like that, it has absolutely no benefit to me (or anyone else??) it’s like talking to the police, it could ONLY hurt you it will NOT help you. 

I don’t really understand the vision behind this survey. Very strange all around.

I wasnt very awake. Could have worded things a little better.

“Why You Never Rode America's First Maglev” a video about ODU’s defunct Maglev

I’ve been wanting to know more about this, thanks!

Never once heard the so called nicknames

I'm hurt we didn't make history

Criminal Conviction Student Questionnaire I am a recent graduate, but I received an email from ODU’s registrar asking all students to fill out a survey disclosing their past criminal convictions.

This is obviously in response to the shooter having a past criminal conviction, but it makes me wonder what ODU plans to do with the data.

Obviously there are psychopaths like the shooter who may or may not have a criminal record, but I would wager that the vast majority or students with past convictions are just people who made mistakes and want to turn their life around.

I have little faith in ODU’s leadership given the on going online 8-week course debacle. So with that in mind I have some observations on the email’s Q/A

Quote:

***If I acknowledge a prior felony conviction, will I be expelled?***

*Each situation will be reviewed thoughtfully and individually. A prior conviction does not automatically result in disciplinary action or any specific outcome.* End quote

That’s not a “no”

Quote: 

***Am I required to answer? What happens if I don’t?***

*We are confident that students will recognize the importance of this matter to our safety on campus.* End quote

That’s not a “yes”

The reality is that whether ODU knew the shooter was a felon or not changes nothing. He was a previous student and only an Online student. Nothing about his current status gave him special access to that building. It is a public campus and that building is as well. Focusing on his past conviction as if ODU “should have known” and if that they had known expelling him would have stopped it is farcical. 

The real questions: why was this guy released early? What wasn’t he being closely monitored by DHS after his early release? Why wasn’t the person who sold him the gun jailed after being caught for two separate straw purchases? Many points of failure and none of them have to do with ODU.

Thats totally messed up. Do they really think anyone who would actually be planning anything would answer honestly?

I just recently signed into Leo and they put a hold on my account for me to do the survey so it’s not a required answer they are forcing your hand anyways which I don’t get the ambiguous wording. For context I am a transfer student but I already did the background check when applying but I don’t understand how this exactly going to help with the recent rise of gun violence in/around campus.

Got the same email and there's no way I'm going to fill it out. Going to the office tomorrow and chew them out, what an unacceptable way to treat your already traumatized student body. 

They do not state their data retention policy, they give no information on how they will evaluate this and they know themselves they can't actually make us do this.

Hi! Could you forward the email to [nori.leybengrub@virginiamedia.com](mailto:nori.leybengrub@virginiamedia.com). I'm a reporter for The Virginian Pilot and our education reporter is doing a story about the message now. We won't share your identity, just want to see the email.

Please all definitely don’t fill out, ODU leadership needs to step down and regroup ASAP to ensure the quality of ODU’s education and reputation. CS department definitely needs to be cleaned up.

I'm an online student and also have a nonviolent felony conviction. I've been nothing but upfront about the felony and gave all of the information when prompted in the enrollment process. This has also been discussed with my advisor when switching my degree path. Getting this email is very nerve racking, to say the least, and I'm unsure about what to do as far as completing the questionnaire. I feel like I have to because I'm a felon and have to comply with everything. 


I'm sorry to kind of word vomit here! I'm really nervous about this, especially because I'll be graduating at the end of the semester.

Reading that email made me think it was written by chatgpt honestly

It seems the school has no ability to legally compel student already \[enrolled\]([https://law.lis.virginia.gov/vacode/title23.1/chapter4/section23.1-407.1/](https://law.lis.virginia.gov/vacode/title23.1/chapter4/section23.1-407.1/)) to divulge this information. This does not mean they cannot require students to do this through the student conduct codes. This is likely why they were extremely vague in the email.

Example:

“Am I required to answer? What happens if I don’t?

We are confident that students will recognize the importance of this matter to our safety on campus.”

The question is do the current student conduct codes cover this? If not will they undertake the effort to change it if there is an apathetic response from students and faculty to this questionnaire.

Yeah, this whole thing is bullshit. What’s the end goal here?

We don’t live in communism or nazi nation, don’t fill out their survey, which is only just a show for them to talk about 5 seconds in their meeting with the media. ODU leadership, time to wake up!!!

I advise students who are further along in their degree plans, and I’ve seen Criminal History Questionnaire holds before—maybe just for returning students? So this is not a new form, but its application/reach is different. Which leads me to wonder: who had to fill this out before? The hold would prevent students from registering…. and we are returning to advising season at ODU, with fall registration on April 1.

Don’t answer it. Consult faculty who voted no confidence in Hemphill just days before the shooting.

Which is interesting, did students not have to report any criminal convictions when they first applied? It was a standard question in 2022 and on last year’s college application process for incoming 29 undergrads to other universities. Unless I am remembering it wrong, which I do not think I am.

I dont think convictions matter most mass shootings are done by people with no past its not something you can really predict usually from what it looks like the person snaps

nori.leybengrub@virginiamedia.com

Completely agree, which is why I felt the survey was concerning.

I understand that the ODU administration must feel pressure to do something, anything really. Even if just theater to make people feel better. But I would hate if innocent people got punished and held back in life as a result of a theatrical action dredging up phantom security concerns.

If I trusted the administration to be thoughtful, tack full, and student focused maybe that would be one thing. I don’t.

Did the status of the shooter as a student allow him to locate the time and place of the ROTC class?  Typically only persons affiliated with the university can see specifically where and when classes meet.  The shooter wasn’t after any random class.

Hi! I'm Nori, I report on public safety for The Virginian Pilot (the only local newspaper in Norfolk) I think it's insane that having not completed the survey your locked out of Leo. I just wanted to comment this to confirm if this is what you're experiencing. You can reach me at [nori.leybengrub@virginiamedia.com](mailto:nori.leybengrub@virginiamedia.com), don't need to know your identity if you're not comfortable, just looking to confirm this.

“Dear Monarch Students:

 

As shared in President Hemphill’s recent message, the safety and well-being of our campus community remain our highest priority, especially as we prepare to return after Spring Break. Given the seriousness of the tragic events on our campus last week, the University is taking an additional step to further strengthen our awareness and support of the campus community.

 

As part of the University’s ongoing, comprehensive approach to campus safety and security and within the parameters of applicable laws and institutional policies governing currently enrolled student information, we are asking all students to complete a brief questionnaire related to their criminal history. This is not a routine request, but it reflects our commitment to thoughtfully consider every appropriate measure to support a safe and informed campus community.

 

The questionnaire includes a question regarding past felony convictions. The information you provide will be handled with care and discretion, and access will be limited to authorized University personnel. We ask that you complete the questionnaire by Thursday, March 26, 2026. Your participation is an important part of our shared responsibility to care for one another and to support the well-being of our campus community.

 

You may access the questionnaire at the below link.

Criminal History Questionnaire 2026

 

Below, you will find answers to several questions you may have. We also encourage you to utilize the support resources available to you during this time. Thank you for your attention to this request and for your continued care for our Monarch community.

 

University Registrar

Old Dominion University

1009 Rollins Hall

Norfolk, VA 23529

757-683-4425

https://www.odu.edu/registrar

 

 

Why is the University asking for this information now?

In light of the recent tragedy on our campus and as part of ongoing commitment to campus safety, the University is taking an additional step to support the needs of our current student community. This questionnaire to all enrolled students reflects a thoughtful and measured approach to ensuring we are considering all appropriate ways to maintain a safe and supportive environment.

 

Does the University have the right to ask me this?

Yes. While Virginia law prohibits consideration of prior criminal convictions during the application process, it permits the University to ask before enrollment and consider it afterward if the institution becomes aware of an individual’s criminal history.

 

If I acknowledge a prior felony conviction, will I be expelled?

Each situation will be reviewed thoughtfully and individually. A prior conviction does not automatically result in disciplinary action or any specific outcome.

 

Am I required to answer? What happens if I don’t?

We are confident that students will recognize the importance of this matter to our safety on campus.

 

What if I have been convicted of a crime but only a misdemeanor?

Each situation will be reviewed thoughtfully and individually. A prior conviction does not automatically result in disciplinary action or any specific outcome.“

honestly, you don’t even need to be a student to know. people post their schedules, you could easily walk into a building make yourself look busy just to see who goes in what rooms etc. looking up the room wasn’t the only possibility

Anyone can access courses.odu.edu, which gives you information on what classes are offered and where.

That said, the early reports also suggested the shooter was going classroom to classroom seeking out an ROTC class specifically. So it’s possible that he simply knew what building it was in and not the specific room, which could have come from other sources (including theoretically their memory of having been on campus before his arrest?)

Hi. I read your article and have seen the schools response denying there were holds placed. This is false. All active students had holds placed, attempting to force students to complete the questionnaire. I am concerned by the pressure on students and subsequent lie. See this thread for one students picture of the hold: https://www.reddit.com/r/ODU/s/nkpoab7cXV

Hi! Thank you for your comment! We are planning to do another story on this topic. Would you be willing to speak with me or email me more information about the holds? We can’t be sure holds are or aren’t going on till we see them firsthand.

Hi. After the backlash they removed all of the holds so no one is able to show you first hand. However, I am pressing the offices for admittance via email. I can further attest, as an administrator at a different higher ed institution that uses the same student information system, that this was no accident or error and more impotently, they did place holds and lied about it.

Keep me updated on what you learn, thanks!

I didn't really get anywhere. They acknowledged that a technical error resulted in holds being placed for 18hr, but that is about it. Just tagged you in another thread that I think is worth tuning into though.

"Technical error" mm hmm

Wait so people were actually locked out of their academic servers for 18 hours?? Cause that's a lot... and if they confirmed that, that is a story in itself.

Yup same reaction…

The holds didn’t lock them out of their accounts, but they prevented registration. They absolutely confirmed it was for 18hr. I can provide the email if I can be anonymized.

Also conveniently the night before they sent the questionnaire…

You can send it to us. We won’t share your identity.

Have no affiliation with the university, but this is my favorite sweatshirt Michigan resident and Michigan State fan here, but I whenever I travel I like to buy merch from other University bookstores if I happen to be close enough to make the trip.

I bought this two years ago when I drove to Hampton for a concert, and it is definitely my favorite sweatshirt. I wear it at least once or twice a week in the cold months (which, up here in Michigan, is about half the year lol). This sweatshirt has started many conversations, most of which involving someone who has a family member who is an alumnus or current student, and then the ensuing confusion after I tell them that I didn't go to school there.

Anyway, just wanted to say that I have a soft spot for y'all and always root for the Monarchs when I can, especially against Liberty... FUCK those guys!

(also, if y'all could go ahead and beat James Madison this year, our basketball team would greatly appreciate it...)

this is awesome hahahahah

Yes! I have the same sweatshirt, it’s very comfy. Appreciate the love from Michigan.

“ seniors will be provided the final announcement about commencement by April 12th”

Advice from a Senior ODU is a great school, don't get me wrong. I've loved my 4 years here and I think that since 2015 it has been one of the most exciting times to me a Monarch. But it is not all sunshine and rainbows. ODU does have a lot of things they need to fix, and they don't seem to be getting done. To everyone coming to ODU as a freshman and those who are here now take some advice... it will save you some headaches.:

1. Don't rely on your advisors. I have had over 6 different advisors here for my major (Political Science). They have given me all types of routes to graduation but they were all flawed. Take a few hours once a semester and look at your DegreeWorks, it is simple to plan your schedule. Take the classes that can complete 2 boxes at once, thats is the only way you will get out on time. 
2. GO TO CLASS. ODU has a great roster of really interesting professors who's attendance policy is really lax. Its college, go to class. I skipped a lot of class here and have had more stress on my plate on the back end of every semester. If you go to class, you will make dean's list; its that easy. Because classes here are so small, especially when you get into the major specific classes, your teachers will recognize and remember you AND THEY WILL HELP YOU. More so than other colleges. 
3. Don't be afraid to drop a class if it isn't for you. Yes, it is a lot of money down the drain. But, if you drop in time you get the money back and save yourself from suffering through a semester of bull-shit. 
4. Dont limit yourself to a specific friend group. I went greek my first semester. It was a blessing and a curse. My brothers are friends for life but i never really branched out. I have so many other interests other than Greek Life and I never got to experience them. ODU has every club you can think of, for every interest. This college is big enough to where there is a group of people who share in that interest. 
5. If you don't know what you want to do after you leave here, that is 100% ok. I thought I wanted to be a lawyer for two years, I took high level classes for it and went all the way. But, when i was a junior I took a Public Relations class and it spoke to me. When you know, you know. 
6. Finally, enjoy yourself. College goes by way faster than high-school. In a blink of an eye its all over, and most of us won't be going to grad school (and if you do, im sure you will be drowning in work and have little time for fun). Make your friends, make your memories. RIDE THE LION.

Well said. 

I'd like to add to your final note, don't engross yourself. I wasted a lot of time buried in my books, and I regret not finding clubs/groups and building those relationships.

I also regret not getting into the gym sooner in life

Ride the lion you say? I do hope you mean literally

Move by ODU admin I like - change to textbook purchase policy Credit where it is due.

Academic Affairs just announced a new policy, that starting in Fall, all course materials will be provided to students for $22/credit, rather than making students buy materials from publishers or the bookstore at full retail. Students also have the option to opt out if the course has no materials or they already have materials they deem adequate.

What I really like is this lowers the barrier to faculty selecting the materials they really want to use. Many faculty select inferior materials or limit the supplemental materials they use because they want to be as budget friendly as possible. While $66 for the textbook for a 3 credit class is not nothing, it is better than $200-500 and this means students will actually be working from the best sources for the subject.

Hopefully most students will see their textbook bills go down and quality go up. Fingers crossed.

Are we sure faculty can pick any material they want? Because that could make a HUGE difference

$22 is nothing compared to the thousands of dollars you pay for the 8-week courses, for an admin that doesn’t even listen to its faculty senate,  I have lost faith in them

The downside is you pay $22 per credit even if your course requires zero textbooks

This policy would not exist those involved (the textbook publishers, the operators of the bookstore) didn’t believe it would create more profit, not less. They have done the math. They know that this on average would result in students paying MORE for textbooks on average. Will there be particular programs or particular semesters (thinking freshman year) where this makes good financial sense for students? Definitely. Could it allow a course to opt for a better, more expensive textbook without handing all those costs to students? Potentially (depends on whether they have other textbooks that semester.

But they are banking on students either being ignorant to the actual costs of their textbooks or choosing the convenience of having it as a course fee over dealing with a separate transaction. They are counting on the students saving money being offset by students paying fees well beyond their actual costs in programs with minimal textbooks (often because we as faculty have designed courses to avoid them, to reduce costs to students below a number like $66).

It appears that way from the official wording. There is no mention of putting a limit on the cost of the materials or the vendors from which faculty may select materials.

The textbook reps are also circling and talking about it, so they certainly think there is opportunity to pick up classes that are currently using free materials.

I choose all my own materials…

Exactly, like what I am suppose to pay over $2,000 dollars for just two classes in summer, might has well try to take those classes at TCC or actually enjoy my summer instead 😭

The policy says there is an opt-out for students. I don't know how that will be accessed; hopefully students will get an update on this.

If there was only one textbook vendor, I would agree with this. Because these resources come from a lot of different vendors however, I think this might actually be a case where the university is leveraging their buying power and doing something genuinely helpful.

Vendors want to pickup the classes that are currently using free or low cost materials, or classes where the instructor is on a mid-cost book as the "balanced" choice. The vendors can via to get a foothold and make some money on those courses.

This does, likely, mean students will have fewer courses with no cost materials, but hopefully by eliminating $200-500/semester courses, they still come out ahead.

Time will tell.

Edit: I am sure ODU (and possibly vendors) do hope for students to fail to understand and use the opt-out. Faculty will have to be on top of that.

In courses with multiple sections, usually a textbook is involved and the cheapest one wins

By “vendor” here I mean Barnes and Noble, who operate the bookstore and serve as the go-between for all of this.

I’ve chosen my own textbooks forever. I do take into account the cost, but the decision has been all mine with no pushback from the department.

7k for the meal plan. Im getting my money's worth

7k? Damn they've raised it so much.

They charge so much just for the quality to sharply decline mid-semester and conveniently improve towards the end when it’s time to buy meal plans

Real

These are rookie numbers (plates).  Look at all that unused space, and no to-go containers?!

Student Veteran here.  It's time to get serious.  These plates tell a story.  A sad story.  Here's how the Pro's do it:

Hit the gym before your meal.  It's a reward, not a gift.  You never know when your next meal might be, so make it count.  Ditch the soda and coffee creamer.  Those are space-eating garbage calories for kids.  Black coffee or water.  Halve the waffles, triple the eggs/meat.  Eggs and meat are expensive, and fuel your machine.  Carbs are cheap, both fiscally and metabolically.  Scale this across multiple plates during your sit-down meal.   There should be zero dead-space on the plate, yet take no more than 3-minutes to consume.  This may take some training.  Crush one plate, then go get another.

Carbs do keep well, so save them for your to-go containers and pockets.  (Why do you think military uniforms have so many pockets?  A: Food.  Sometimes ammo or a notebook, but mostly food.)  You should have a couple of small glass food storage containers in your bag.  Primary use is food storage, but can be repurposed for dynamic situations.  IYKYK.  Ditch books and your dolly's tea-set to create room in your bag, as required.  (Most books are online anyway.)  Mimic the first food container to your plates.  That's for you, in case things go sideways and there is no next meal.  Fire-alarms, helicopter crashes; things happen.  Be ready.  Grab pizza or waffles (carbs) for the 2nd container, to use in potential trading or bribes.  Carbs spike blood sugar and insulin response which will make the enemy slow and vulnerable.  Use this to your tactical advantage.  Pay close attention to the response when offered, and give respect if they decline.  You can offer a meat portion to build rapport, and potentially gain an ally or HUMINT source, if the situation permits.  Ensure you are not caught filling food storage containers, or you'll need every ounce of that SERE training.  Chefs are notoriously great interrogators; they've been cut and burned countless times making delicious food for others, so they have zero empathy for your pain.  Rule #1: Look cool; don't get caught. 😎

This is just for starters.  Consult additional Veterans for their professional guidance, and refine your COAs to meet your specific mission objectives.

🇺🇸🦅🐍💥🫡

Does ODU really think it’s a good idea to hold classes in person still with this high of a positive percent? Aight.

Alright whose gonna place bets?? how many people are going to catch it? will school go online? 

place your bets now!

..were fucked...

I hope it doesn’t go online. I’m doing a lot of math and science and don’t think I will do well if it becomes virtual :/

Good thing I live off campus. I hate to be trapped in a dorm.

It’s literally the common cold.

Guarantee you they’ll do nothing… already seen on twitter from some professors that ODU hasn’t given them any guidance regarding how to handle student absences regarding covid… especially this week since ALL students have to have a negative test to attend classes this week when appointments are hard as fuck to find.

*who’s

Math is easier during virtual.

Did you see the email saying everyone has to have a negative test to attend classes whether or not you live on campus??

I didn’t receive the email. I had to have it forwarded to me by someone else who, I assume, lives on campus. They didn’t make that info streamline so I’m sure this is going to be a shit show.

lol thanks Spatula_69 for your qualified medical opinion

You’re a fucking idiot.

theyre doing covid tests for free on campus in jarrett annex behind virginia

their information is horrid though. i live on campus & have heard 4 different things from 3 different sources regarding covid.

Maybe for you, not for me

Yeah I got the email. I got my test today

I didn't get any email like that. I live off campus and was told that I only had to show proof of the booster.

How do you enforce that is my thing?

For sure!

Campus requires vaccinations AND the booster for on campus students this semester. Please explain to me how Omicron is a huge health risk? Where are the stats that say ages 18-22 (using average college age) that are vaccinated are experiencing anything worse than mild sickness?

I saw that. I just can’t imagine what it’ll be like when all 25k students are trying to get tested at the same time since at home tests are all sold out and appointments at cvs and what not are booked out for awhile

Apart from the fact that appointments are going to be booked for the next week or two.

😂😂😂😂

https://www.odu.edu/content/dam/odu/offices/sees/docs/quick-reference-return-to-campus-sp22.pdf
Here you go!

lol you’re stuck on the point that it’s typically mild for individuals who are vaccinated and healthy. 

You’re ignoring the point that hospitals are overwhelmed and cannot take care of individuals who need the medical help. 
Also, not everyone is healthy like you may be. Saying that it’s not a huge risk to a certain age group is ignoring the people it is a massive risk too. AND there are people who are vaccinated, seem to be healthy, and still die. Who wants to be that person? Not me. You can also still carry it and infect others who are not vaccinated. Do you want to carry that on your back that you spread it to a young child or a grandparent and killed them? I know I don’t. 

There’s alternatives and ways to avoid these situations and we, as a society, are not taking proper precautions because we’re expected to “live with it” like we have with every other illness but omicron is literally the fastest spreading virus known to humans. Why are we going to pretend we can still function normally as a society with this?

they have schedules available for a few weeks i believe, mon-fri. i just had a meeting with my RA tho and apparently ODU may close down if enough people end up positive. i guess its just a waiting game lol

i really wish they were clearer about their covid information and protocols. theyre just making shit up as they go. i got 3 diff emails with different covid things all contradicting themselves lol

My ex was at duke for her masters and they did it like clockwork. I wonder how ODU will handle it.

i booked mine yesterday and there were no slots taken lol

They don't even state the frequency of tests for campus. They want one test to come back but don't state if this is gonna be a bi-weekly thing or not. If I didn't have two campus jobs I wouldn't come to campus.

Honestly if you’re not vaccinated at this point you’re on your own and you should be turned away from medical treatment UNLESS you have a legitimate medical diagnoses that eliminates you from receiving the vaccine.

ODU Alert notice

I'm glad they sent this but got really scared when it came in.

Sending out a message with the header "URGENT ALERT" to a campus still on edge from last month's events is... a choice

The incompetence from this administration, even with the simple things, is astounding to me

This is a reach. If they didn't send a notice out, people would be mad that no one alerted the community that there would be sanctioned gunshots, and it would have been triggering for folks.

trying to overcompensate by putting money everywhere else but safety is really telling. i hate that i invested tuition in this dump.

Oh look, another terrible decision by an incompetent AF administration. Who is making these calls and what is wrong with them.

Yea let’s shoot guns and a cannon off on the campus of a university that just had a shooting on it. I understand the sentiment of a 21 gun salute but should that not be at the funeral?

There's no pleasing you people holy hell. Imagine thinking about anyone but yourselves for just once 

Downvotes wont make a difference. Grow a pair and get therapy

Same. My first thought, and keep in mind that I've not had an emotional reaction to the original shooting, was *"oh shit, what's happening now... Is it happening again?"* I appreciate them sending out a warning. But the way they sent it... was not it lmao

Okay because I thought it was just me that thought this..I literally stopped in my tracks scared that I was going to open another active shooting message

Sameeee

Using the same alert like copy and paste as the one they used to warn about the shooter and then only telling students a few hours before it happens is wrong

This is a wildly bad take. A 21 gun salute is the highest military honor. This isn’t the university just deciding to fire off guns. This is the Army conducting a military memorial service. The man died defending his students. Show some respect.

Oh Jesus shut up. He was a LT Col. You literally wouldn’t understand the message behind it. It’s a military funeral. You should be grateful to the military it was ROTC students that took down the shooter and I doubt you would’ve gone toe to toe an armed man…many more lives could’ve been taken.

No. This was an appropriate way to honor LTC Shah and the ROTC cadet corp.

I didn't even *have* a reaction to the shooting last month beyond making sure everyone I know was okay/comforting them (and I was in Kaufman when everything went down)

I 100% appreciate them sending a text, and I do believe it was the right decision... But I also wish they had switched "Urgent Alert" to the second line just this once. Idk if that is possible though. Even *my* first thought (and again, I was barely emotionally affected by the shooting) when I saw the text was "shit, is it happening again?" before I could open the text and email. The alert probably caused some people to genuinely panic

And therapy doesn't work immediately by the way lol, it takes time for that initial panic to settle after something traumatic. Just simply telling someone to grow a pair does nothing except dismiss them and push them away

Could say the same to you sure glad you didn’t get mod are you silence Anybody that didn’t agree with you

Yeah that was my *first thought* and I wasn't even traumatized from the original shooting. Like I 100% appreciate the warning, but I feel like using "urgent alert" as the first line is not the best choice lmao. Maybe something like "Planned Gun Shots" or something else, idk, would have been better

There will always be ODU Urgent alerts. They use the same ones for weather warnings and power outages. Again, emails have gone out all week.

Great have it on base, or tell students more than a few hours before it happens. And I thought the medal of honor was the highest military honor.

All they do is find ways to complain about the university on the sub while offering nothing better for alternatives whilst not even reading their emails lmao

Lmao damn you're that invested you went through my posts huh. It's okay ill give you a hug

Unfortunately I was in constant when everything happened so I’ve kinda been on edge

Bunch of whiney ass students go here there's no pleasing them

Lier

Once again, an appalling take. Emails have gone out all week about the memorial, and all have noted that there would be a 21 gun salute and connon fire. Holding it on base would prohibit much of the campus community from attending and honoring Lt Col. Shah.

As a student I actually read my emails so I knew about this days ago and not hours beforehand. It was a dignified ceremony befitting a man who lived a lifetime of service and sacrifice, attended by army brass, lawmakers, cadets, students, faculty and LTC Shah’s own family including his young son. He earned this honor and you can get over it. Read your campus email in a timely manner from now on.

And all you do is come on here to keyboard warrior people feel big and special?

Thank you at least you have some empathy

Eugh that's rough. One of my friends was also in Constant, and he's been extremely on edge too and has been questioning if he actually has PTSD from that day. I hope you have the support you need 💜

From emails earlier this week: 

"Be advised that the program will include the highest military honor—a 21-gun salute—as well as cannon fire."

Don't complain that this alert was the only warning given just because you didn't check your email.

Wildly appalling take no emails went out stating this, I received none. There was a memorial at the arena. You must be the school rector.

Is that why your comments are being taken down because you can not have a conversation with out leading to name calling, cussing, or some extreme nonsense?

Awe everyone isn’t like you get over yourself

Wrong I say it to peoples faces too because im not sensitive and weak like you

All this proves is that you can type

No need to be childish. From email sent Monday: 

Be advised that the program will include the highest military honor—a 21-gun salute—as well as cannon fire.

Are you still the "Chief of Staff" of the Student Veterans of America chapter at ODU? Or is the correct title "Secretary"?

Moving on as I graduate soon but that's cute you read my resume I had posted. I'm terrified. Cute attempt though lmao.

Can't believe you thought that shit did something 😭

An idea to replace zoom The biggest issue im finding with zoom is that it seems to impersonal. So i had an idea

Lets rebuild the ODU area (43rd street to 49th street and hampton boulevard to whitehurst) from the ground up, in minecraft.

We could socialize in the webb center, go to classes in dragas, or even just relax in the dorms.

I'd actually love this

I’d love to do this but I have so much school work :(

The beginnings of this exist! The Library was built in Minecraft back around 2011. The files are out there somewhere, you can probably find them through the Minecraft knowyourmeme page as it is mentioned there in the education section

This is a fantastic idea, but where would we find the time

Using world edit it could be built rather fast

Does the school have a acheitecture or minecraft club? I think this would be a great project for them if it does exist

How fast?

ODU, please fix your mobile website

Not responsive web design. 😐

Lolol about right for this clown college

Damn who hurt you bro 😭

😆 The website has always been a mess, and gutting IT and moving it under Global has only made it worse

Contact your Representative and Request a JLARC Study on ODU's Transition to 8-Week Courses **The 2026 General Assembly session has adjourned and will not reconvene until January 2027, but there is still a concrete action to ask your legislators to take right now.**

Ask them to submit a **JLARC study request**. JLARC is the [Joint Legislative Audit and Review Commission](https://jlarc.virginia.gov/). This is the General Assembly's independent watchdog, and any legislator can submit a study request year-round outside of session without introducing legislation. If accepted, JLARC conducts independent research and holds public hearings where students and faculty can testify on the record. A study on outcomes and governance in Virginia's accelerated online course programs creates an official public accountability mechanism. The request alone signals to ODU leadership that the legislature is watching. When you contact your representative, ask them specifically to submit a JLARC study request on accelerated online course outcomes at Virginia public universities.

Info on contacting your representative:

If you are frustrated with the direction of the university call your representative. If you need a brief explanation on the importance and how to call your representatives watch [Folding Ideas quick video on the topic.](https://youtu.be/KXXYkLa-HHI?si=0KZSCBmAh9Kqzg56)

The governors office has direct control over board appointments and can express concerns(and pressure) over the direction of the university.

In your communication, be specific and succinct, stress recent news like a breakdown in trust between students and faculty with leadership and the worsening quality of online education with the transition to 8 week courses in a race to the bottom.

Governor's office: Phone: 804-786-2211 Email: [abigail.spanberger@governor.virginia.gov](mailto:abigail.spanberger@governor.virginia.gov) Mon-Fri: 9:00am - 5:00pm

Find your local representative through [WHO'S MY LEGISLATOR](https://whosmy.virginiageneralassembly.gov/)

And contact The State Council of Higher Education for Virginia (SCHEV) [Contact Form](https://www.schev.edu/about/contact-us)

They should investigate the administration for safety issues.

Shooting last year, Nazis covering Jewish art, sexual harassment in the history lab that led into Perry library, parking garage, BAL and the education building, the list does go on but please do only worry about yourself lobster

Can you give examples?

Not fixing broken locks in Constant, the massive crime issues on and near campus, the lack of any response to the shooting last year. So much more.

Can you tell me what ODU is supposed to do about crime in the areas near campus? Not being snarky. Legitimately asking. ODU is smack in the middle of urban Norfolk, including all that comes with it. And is an open campus. There's no gate or "no crime here" signs. I'm confused at what people think can be done.

It would be great if they utilized their alert system to tell students and staff/faculy about incidents.

Update! A little information, I posted before Fall semester about my brain surgery recovery and a good person from the engineering college saw it.
https://www.odu.edu/engineering/article/met-student-overcomes-life-changing-surgery

I didn't stop.

Bud, I remember you from campus! Swing through the M-Lab sometime this semester!

The human spirit @ it’s best!  What an inspiring story

I remember you posting a while back. I’m so glad you’re doing well!

Wilco

Please come thru Reddit! You may have seen my rocks on ODU campus!

I need responses for my project on environmental action! Please read these rocks and fill out a quick google form, I would greatly appreciate it!!

https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSd2Q8sgK0PEQDJsTf5uU9qPZucsoKLiJj0hg5aA0Tr1DVx5eg/viewform?usp=dialog

Very awesome, lots of people focusing on ai centers and not on what they are personally doing

Okay I understand how a game console, a microwave, and a computer use energy when not in use but please explain how the toaster does? If the switch is open to the heating element how does it use energy?

You could use a Kill-A-Watt meter to estimate the amount of wasted energy for different appliances and then calculate the monetary and environmental costs.

Climate activism is multifaceted, think that’s why it’s so daunting to so many people! Ai centers are the main buzz point rn but personal and political action is equally as important

I thought the same thing and I can’t honestly explain it properly and I should’ve clarified it’s the more advanced toasters that have digital displays. Thank you for ur comment ❤️

ODU's online course changes prompts no confidence vote against president

Asynchronous Online courses are an absolute joke. You just get thrown the textbook with little to no guidance, watch a couple long and drawn out YouTube videos linked in the module that aren’t even created by the professor, and complete a half assed discussion board.. easily the most low effort courses I’ve ever taken. Half of the professors never even updated the dates on their syllabus or “lectures”. Was always my least favorite part about ODU.

[deleted]

I tried at take Calculus II as an 8-week Summer class while working full time. Boy was that a mistake! Not only did I drop it 6 weeks in, but I ended up in the hospital with a burst appendix.

It could have been coincidental, but at the very least I really don’t think the stress and running myself ragged for 6 weeks helped my immune system.

I couldn’t imagine if all of my classes were 8 weeks!

As a faculty member who has built four online courses, I don’t disagree with any of this. The university has never provided enough resources (technical support and time) to encourage truly substantive online courses. Those absences have also actively pushed against the development of original course resources: for a long time we were told we couldn’t use images in lectures for copyright reasons (it’s an obvious fair use case) and eventually they started telling faculty that they could only have 8 6-minute lectures in any class because they insisted on producing them themselves and didn’t have the staff to handle more than that. All of this was exacerbated by a move from four-month development cycles to three months.

And now faculty have been mustered to transition all courses to 8 weeks and develop entirely new courses in 8 week formats over the span of basically nine months. There’s just no way quality will be a priority in this process given the sheer scale of what is being asked of everyone (the staff at Global, the faculty), and given that you’re right that there’s no standard of actual content quality to begin with.

The only one which has had decent coursework instruction is the math department. I’m in an online English class and holy shit it’s so bad. Legitimately one of the worst classes I’ve ever taken

What a shame!!! The colleges charge hefty tuition fees for their disorganized classes!!!

Well said

Spot on.

As an online student, this has 100% been my experience as well.

Just to add to this, half of the faculty at ODU are adjunct professors and get paid about $20k a year to teach. No benefits, no assistants and many work two to three jobs to pay the bills. That's a big reason why so many courses are so poorly made. Half the faculty are just too exhausted and stressed out to give their best. At every step of the way admin has flat out refused to pay them more. I heard a dean just last week laugh when faculty asked if adjuncts would get a pay raise if course caps were increased.

[deleted]

I can't imagine taking any math classes online using the 8-week format. I took math 162 online and it was so much material to cover, I can't see how they compress it to just 8 weeks.

Math has been absolutely horrible to take online in my experience

The thing is that I don’t know that the quality of online courses matters. Obviously it matters objectively, and I certainly think it matters, but how does one comparison shop online programs? How can you know what kind of content you’ll get? Rate My Professors could offer some guidance, but how do you know that the people rating things have your same priorities? How many students taking online courses literally don’t care if they have no content and substance because they are just trying to get a degree and don’t care about actually learning anything?

This is the reality of the 8-week courses. The university isn’t wrong that this is where the market is heading, because it’s a decision designed to siphon students away from the degree mills while pretending that modeling our services off of theirs will somehow not bring us to their level. Their position is that adult learners only care about how fast their degree is and how convenient it sounds, and they might be right. But what those students want and what will actually help them be successful are two very different things, and no one seems willing to acknowledge the consequences this will have. 

Offering 8-week as an option for part-time students who would prefer to take one class at a time versus juggling two? That’s serving the market while maintaining balanced offerings for a diverse student base. Forcing everything into 8-week is capitulating to the market and forcing students to manage the aftermath, and whatever words we choose (scammy, capitalistic, neoliberal, etc.) are accurate.

Agreed. 163 and the calc sequence would be impossible. It’s specifically that experience why I’m transitioning towards other online engineering programs. I have 0 interest in dealing with ODUs nonsense

Tried it with ASU. No way in hell.

Yeah, I graduated last fall so I am glad I am missing out this non-sense.

i think its very wild that its standard for people to start college fresh out of high school and people who start later have a more well rounded idea of what they want to get out of it

I went back to college at 29 lol

I am back at 32. Enjoying it so much more and doing drastically better than when I was 18.

I’m back at 38

I graduate in 2 weeks at the ripe age of 40. Never too late to learn.

I have a friend that has gone back at 39. Working well for him

I’m 30 and go to ODU

Nothing wrong with going to university at an older age, I agree people are overdramatic with the memes lol. I personally came to ODU out of high school, but all the older classmates I met usually have the best grades in the course.

I started at ODU when I was 26. One of my first friends was a woman who went back to school in her 60s.

I finished my undergrad at 40… did life a little backwards… didn’t finish when I was younger… got married and had kids really young… now I’m 42 with a 21 and 17 yro … finished my bachelors at 40 and about to start grad school at 42 at ODU… I don’t regret it at all. There is something to be said about having life experience and going back to school.

Graduated this past May at 32. What should've taken 2 years took me 4, but the point is to just keep going, even if it's one class a semester. The "introduce yourself" DBs used to make me feel like a grandma, but I just told myself that I already had a stable 10 year career under my belt and what I was doing was just extra.

I am back at 29 and I am much more focused than I was earlier. Yes alot of the social stuff becomes out of reach since alot of people are not your age range. But you are there to get an education so you can have a better quality of life at the end of the day.

I'm a freshman at 28, never a bad time. Makes school a lot easier

I agree. I didn't go to college right after HS either. I went later in life because I have been out in the Working World and I understood what works and what doesn't however having a college degree today almost means nothing...

Starting at 37

Just finished a master's in my late 40s. I'll be pushing 60 when I finally finish my PhD. Loving the ride.

I went to college after military service. Best choice I could have made. You will be 27 regardless of your choices, schooling is not a bad choice.

Ya, it's almost like children are taught to do that exact thing through 18 years of public school before they understand what an interest rate is.

going back at 24 🫶🏼

I was 33.

Same

Going well....I hope

You're doing it. You're in this

I bet it’s so much easier to focus now

Congratulations !! 🎉

means nothing if you put in no effort, don't apply to internships and pick a bogus degree.

So, what did you graduate with in 2011?

Very! I’m part time but loving it. It’s nice to have a challenge

A bachelor's

Bro just run a triathlon or something. There are many challenges that don't include debt.

Do you take one class per year?

Bestie my employer is paying for it.

No, I do my programs full-time, while working a full-time and part-time job in addition to being a spouse and parent. I don't do them one right after the other, because I'd burn myself out.

ODU vs VT 9-14-2024 Big Blue is for the people 🦁 Let's go Monarchs!

It would be deeply funny if Tech leaves Norfolk with a 0-3 record here.

I went to ODU when they beat tech a few years ago. Someone set a car on fire to celebrate. It was a good time.

i got a student section ticket for sale if u want it $20 them jawns sold out

@ damexviii  on ig

Here for it.

I believe they were Lime Scooters which I was ok with since Norfolk is continuously littered with them

I have season tickets. Alumni 2005. I appreciate it though.

Ah yes, thank you. And a couch lol

I just slammed pre-workout and the SRC is closed. What do I do? Sad g I'm hype asf for no reason

Vigorous jazz hands

There's a furry rave at 37th and zen going on rn

Go for a run on Killam Ave

Pushups and Edging Sesh for sure

Why is it closed ?

Go back to the dorm and work out! Your roommate will really appreciate it!

Drive down to MacArthur Mall and walk back to campus.

Nonsense, if you aren’t seeing things, you haven’t taken enough. Keep chugging king 👍🏽

Run that’s shit off

[deleted]

Run Forest, Run!

You’re trying to get him shot

They always close at 9pm on Saturdays

When was there 4? I’ve been here since 2020 and only know of 2

But I've gone on Saturdays until 12 before

Its been like this for over a year now

I legit went a few weeks ago on Saturday super late

Are you sure it wasn’t Friday or Sunday? It really has been like that for over a year, you can even look back on their calendar lol

I mean, I guess I could be wrong. I could've sworn it's been on Saturday, though.

Old Dominion University Parking is a borderline criminal organization, and it is crazy they get away with it. The title says it all got a ticket and I am pissed. I know what you are thinking to *"be more responsible or appeal it"*. It does not matter, it is still outrageous.  I am a Norfolk taxpayer and student so I am getting double shafted already on this \*\*public school's\*\* funding. What is even crazier is being a Norfolk resident I went ahead and checked and sure enough, they are charging higher than the city in which the university resides!!!

*Just get a pass, its a university, of course, they upcharge...*

Well, good news I did the leg work for you and checked! ODU citations fees are so damn outlandish they are higher than: Virginia Tech, William&Mary, UVA, University of Richmond...VCU (let's be honest all better institutions).  I was surprised too; stopped looking when schools in the city capital were more reasonable with their fees.

On top of that, they work meter fees so any full-time student gets strong-armed into paying for the privilege of Overpaying for parking because the parking pass they couldn't afford pays for itself in small lump sums, AND DONT GET ME STARTED ON CC SERVICING FEES IF YOU PAY THE FINES ONLINE.

End of the day they are getting away with highway robbery by charging above and beyond damages lost on parking spaces in half-empty parking lots, only used by ~~students~~ **THE PEOPLE ALREADY PAYING TO BE THERE** and faculty. 

**ODU is in Norfolk charge like it!**

Really better than U of Richmond? I understand you’re bitter, but the spiders?

What's bullshit is that faculty actually doesn't even get a discount on parking passes.  Technically as a graduate research assistant I'm a school employee, but parking isn't any cheaper.

What's also fucked, the parking garage on 43rd and elkhorn is metered, but it's free to park there on the weekends.  But it accepts money if you pay to park on the weekends / after 10pm on weekdays.  I always see people paying and tell them "hey, you don't actually have to pay right now".

I park off campus on weekdays, I'm sorry, but I don't want to share my secrets on reddit.  But it's only like a 10 minute walk from my car, and I usually skate to save more time if it's dry out.  I'm sure you can find somewhere similar to park.

That being said, I know you're upset, but it is your fault that you got a ticket.  Be more careful when you park, don't park anywhere that you know you will get a ticket (really look out for signage).  I know I got an email saying that you at one point during the year they do something where you can trade in a jar of peanut butter and they'll forgive your ticket.  The peanut butter goes to a food bank.  Idk, might be worth finding out when they do that and not paying your ticket and save some money by donating peanut butter.

Not to mention when there is a sports game, all the residents have to move their vehicles out of a majority of the parking lots around campus so that visitors can come take them instead. The whole system is ridiculous to everyone involved.

I agree. It's horrible. Funny story, but I was given a ticket - while I was walking from my car to the meter onto the bottom floor to pay for parking. Literally, I can't fucking teleport to the meters to pay it. It takes me a minute to walk down the stairs. I saw the exact timing and brought the ticket to the office to explain how ridiculous it was. Because my receipt of the time I paid for was the EXACT minute that they issued the ticket. Guess what happened while I was in the office (waited over an hour and literally about 3 minutes longer than I had paid for at my spot, I always paid over to account for extra time), I got another fucking ticket while GOING TO FIX THE FIRST TICKET. They are so fucking dumb.

They've fucked me over too

[deleted]

That, and the parking ticket enforcement has got to be the most efficiently run group within the entire university.

I’ve heard, but cannot confirm, that someone got a ticket for pulling into a handicap spot for a couple seconds just to drop somebody off, didn’t even shift into park!

ODU is greedy, and nowhere does that show more clearly than in parking.

Well if norfolk wasn't a blue city and was red something would probably be done about this. But democrats want to tax tax

I absolutely agree! I got booted last semester out of nowhere. I thought I had all semester to pay and the notifications that I might get booted came AFTER I was booted. Also, I had just went to the office that morning to ask about disputing 3 of the tickets since I had paid but the number was wrong. It was absolute insanity.

I find ways around paying for a parking pass and meter parking. However, there is free parking for athletic events (baseball, soccer, field hockey, and lacrosse) at lot 43.

the salt brought it out of me

I paid 8$ at that damn meter today due to make up exams.

At this point it's not even about the money, **It's the principal.** I will also 1000% be paying in pennies and want the fees to stack up a bit first.

**Hello.**

I noticed you dropped 3 f-bombs in this comment. This might be necessary, but using nicer language makes the whole world a better place.

Maybe you need to blow off some steam - in which case, go get a drink of water and come back later. This is just the internet and sometimes it can be helpful to cool down for a second.

***

^I ^am ^a ^bot. ^❤❤❤ ^| ^[Information](https://redd.it/exwvd4)

that actually is not a bad idea. Will look into it after midterms

They just plain do not care. Sorry bout your boot that really sucks

You get around parking by being forced to park on the streets and neighborhoods surrounding ODU. Where the property owners are paying taxes to have street parking. Leading to school lots not being used at all, and Norfolk residents not being able to park.

I’ll give you a one time pass...I’m not even going to comment on the the VCU part of your post

So you're going to pay in pennies and make someone count them all who has absolutely no say on how parking fees work. Very mature.

Hi. No.

Understandable. Also, I don’t park in the neighborhood or streets. I was just providing a helpful tip for free parking on campus around certain events.

Malicious compliance isn't supposed to be mature. Its supposed to make you feel good about something you truly hate to do. I guarantee if more people paid with pennies the fees would drop, because no one wants to count abunch of pennies, just like no one wants to pay $8 for a spot and come out to a ticket.

edit: gotta add, I have gone through parking services the *"Mature"* way before and lemme tell ya bud they aren't the greatest people to deal with. So please trust I will enjoy every second and sleep like a babe.

Most people are mature enough to take responsibility for their mistakes rather than burdening others because things didn't go their way.

I am not breaking any laws by paying a fine with a legal tender so get off your soapbox. I am gonna pay the fine and accept responsibility, but I am gonna squeeze every ounce of enjoyment I can out of it, and honestly, its little choices like this that make me happier than most people. Glad I am not most people.

Lack of empathy, guilt, conscience or remorse. Congratulations, you may be a psychopath.

Anyone who chooses to work for a predatory parking agency that is borderline criminal is worse IMO. I side with OP's pettiness.

> Congratulations, you may be a psychopath. 

I mean duh.

I have also been called gregarious recently - *Gonna be honest, I had to look it up*. Not all bad news though, charismatic sociopaths make bank, and my wife doesn't mind as long as I try and stay chaotic neutral

Alumni’s actual do help graduates out I kept forgetting to make this post, but I got hired at a job recently. After I was hired I found out that multiple of coworkers and managers all graduated from ODU. I honestly feel that’s one of the major reasons I got hired. I literally got rejected from 50+ jobs since I graduated in December. This job was the first interview I got and I was hired a few days later. 

I never made any networking connections while at ODU because of social anxiety. But the just being a graduate allowed me to get a job so that’s cool. 

So if you guys are looking for jobs after graduation try to find ODU alumni and see if they will help. 

P.S. I don’t live in Norfolk anymore but still in Virginia and relatively close by the university. Not trying to dox myself lol.

As a hiring manager and ODU alum, an ODU grad almost always gets an interview from me. Definitely helps get your foot in the door.

I got hired by a JMU alum while I was at ODU, but he loved ODU and was glad to see I was pursuing college. Every time we play each other, I can always expect a text about it lmao. He’s no longer my manager, but he’s made an impact in my career

Networking can be as simple as running your LinkedIn account. Do you have one? Add people from the school often? 

I do, and I answer questions for those who add me from the school asking about work and try to give a reference if possible

Was it a high paying corp job. I’m not a graduate yet but my 9-5 pays almost 85k … I truly desire way more since the COL is extremely high especially in Va beach area ( just wondering if it’s better to stay at my company and move up which is kinda hard to do )

[deleted]

That is great news, the real question is are you hiring lol

sometimes that's all you need.

No not at all. I got rejected from all the high paying corporate jobs I applied for. So I started applying to random jobs and was still getting rejected. I eventually got an interview for a job as a part-time bank teller. 

One of the personal banker’s, and business center assistant manager all graduated from ODU years ago. I think they said the branch manager also graduated from ODU but I could be wrong about that. I can’t remember if they said he went to ODU or James Madison. 

I only get paid $13 an hour. But at least it’s something! Like literally everyone else was rejecting me. I had 58 rejections total.

Maybe it’s time to step out of the degree facing world and either think about joining the military as an officer since you have your degree and or source other field of employment. Getting your security license is one of them I will do that part-time and could quickly make 2K a month. This is excluding my corporate job or even apply to recreation centers. I’m not sure if you’ve tried those methods but just for the sake of finances, I would.

Too late. I already attempted to join the military and failed. I tried to join the Coast Guard. I met the ASVAB requirements, but got rejected at MEPS due to health issues. 

It’s fine. I can work at this job for a year until I gain enough experience. Then I’ll leave and look for a higher-paying job. I emailed a lot of the places back that rejected me. A few responded back to me. It was only like 3 of them. They all said I was denied due to my lack of work experience. So I’m going to use this bank teller job as an opportunity to gain experience.

Understand sometimes you just got to lie on the resume man ! I really hope it all works out for you my friend

I know family members were telling me to lie on my resumes lol. Thanks for the kind words!

I hope everything continues to work out for you and you find a good job after graduation!

Has anyone else heard about this? So, my teacher told me that the president is in process of enforcing a new rule (starting fall 2026) that says if you are taking a class on campus, you must take ALL of your classes on campus and same goes for online.  No more hybrid. I don’t understand how this would work because many of us have work and don’t have the time to spend all day at school for more than 2 or 3 classes but if this is true he’s completely fucking the students over.

Faculty here. So online students are no longer allowed to take campus classes, but the reverse is not true: we're receiving the draft of the fall schedule this week, and they have specifically created course numbers for campus students to take online classes.

Mind you, as noted, the 8-week thing creates its own problems that would make taking multiple online courses difficult, depending on how you navigate that.

L president and L rule change. Good luck with that though. I’m thankfully graduating this semester lol.

I have heard about this because they are switching the online global students (me…sadly) to strictly eight week courses, but on campus students still have 16 week courses… so it would interfere w the scheduling if you were to take online and in-person. I am actually so unhappy ab the switch… I did not sign up to take condensed courses and now I have to 😭😭😭

Honestly, this wouldn't surprise me in the slightest after the ambush they pulled with the condensed classes that literally nobody asked for. At this point, I feel like I might as well try to tough it out since I'm so close to the finish line and don't want to deal with transferring. Idk if they're trying to force more students onto campus for classes to up the revenue of campus resources, but this is insanity. I don't think it's fair at all for any students who work and go to school to try to keep up with even more expedited pacing. Some of my classes have felt rushed in 16 weeks so I'm very curious to see what an absolute nightmare this ends up being.

This is the dumbest s*** I've ever heard in my life. I was a commuter student who worked part-time while going to school there full-time. I never would've been able to also participate in the service projects and internships that actually helped my resume if it weren't for the flexibility of hybrid classes.

Unfortunately decisions like this will mostly hurt low-income and non-traditional students who have to work multiple jobs and help with caregiving responsibilities while attending classes.

Yikes, this is a pretty awful change that may impact a lot of veterans using GI Bill benefits. The VA requires at least 1 in-person class for full benefits so this rule will have some impact. I am graduating soon, but I did hybrid attendance for the last 2 years and it was extremely beneficial. ODU seriously needs to reconsider this policy.

No, AFAIK the hybrid courses that still exist will be discontinued (which has been in the works for a couple years) so that every course has to either be fully online or fully in-person, but you can still take either type of course as long as your program approves of it.

All online classes will be 8 week asynchronous as well

Wait, does this apply to students who are "online in Hampton Roads" too? Because I'm planning on going back for my Masters in 2026 and I'm local, so having the option of doing some stuff in person was a real selling point for me to return to ODU.

Yes. I was a hybrid student, living in Chesapeake with the option of in person or online (grad student). When I went to register for spring, I couldn’t select online classes. I reached out to the registrar and they told me this. That it’s now all or nothing.

ODU or US president?

Awesome! Thanks for the clarification

How is it that every change they make here results in a worse overall experience for students? I can't wait to transfer out of this school. The community college I went to was better by far, and that was a pretty mid experience.

That makes a bit more sense, thanks for clarifying how they’re handling it for campus students.

I remember taking calculus 1 in the summer after getting out of the military.  Needless today, that wasn’t a good idea.  8 week course is fine as long as it isn’t a regular semester of content

I’m still upset about paying campus bus fees when I never rode one the entire time I was there and that was over 20 years ago.

literally. He doesn’t care about most of us americans and it’s sad people believed him

Where have you been told you have to do in person? I’ve always done online courses when I used the GI Bill.

I think so

I am a new grad student trying to register for classes.  I was told the same thing and was supposedly registered as “hybrid” but now when I try to register for online classes and it won’t let me.  I can’t take in person at the moment and specifically asked this question when I applied.  I’m trying not to get anxiety about my experience so far.

Both suck and can't wait till they both are gone!

It's because universities are increasingly being run like corporations, because they are increasingly fighting for survival in a climate where funding is being cut and the very value of a college education is under attack. That creates a whole vicious cycle, of course, because universities get worse when they're run this way which reinforces the reasons being used to delegitimate them. Shifting to 8-week courses to try to convince more adults to sign up for ODUGlobal is going to create a worse experience for many students (I'd argue most, but that's just my perspective), and we're basically gambling that the impacts will not be significant enough to outweigh the "benefit" to the bottom line. 

I wish I could be optimistic that this is specifically an ODU problem, but it's symptomatic of larger concerns that everyone is going to face no matter where they are.

They’re reformatting it so they are a full semester’s worth of content in 8 weeks… so 🥹 yay

If you do online only, you only get 50% of MHA entitlement. If you take 1 class in person, and the rest online; as long as your rate of pursuit is full time, you’ll get 100% MHA rate based on your zip code. 

https://www.va.gov/education/benefit-rates/post-9-11-gi-bill-rates/

It's only if you want the full amount of MHA. So not necessarily a requirement, but worth it if you want the full stipend.

Email the registrar. They’ll switch you to online. It’s a fairly simple, yet annoying step (because why do we have to do this?!). It took about a hour to take effect and then I could register. Tell them you want to do a campus change and they’ll fix it .

(ODU Prof. here) I agree; changing online courses to 8 weeks is going to create a whole slew of new problems and students are going to be shortchanged in the long run. (My biggest gripe is I’ve prepped FOUR semester-long courses this year and working on two for next semester…no extra money. But, online instructors are being paid to literally cut courses in half.)

You really think they don't have enough money without funds from the govt? They just paid a fence company to construct a useless outdoors area at the dining hall. They are constantly buying new property to build more housing and have even taken on expensive legal battles to force certain locals off their property to make room for more housing. You have been lied to my friend. They aren't doing this out of some type of necessity, they're doing this because profit is the only motivator in the first place.

Yes got in contact with someone and hopefully I can register in a few hours.  I keep hearing it’s kind of a cluster but I’m trying to stay positive 😭.  Anyone else doing the masters in clinical mental health counseling? I keep getting conflicting information about a lot of things but was told I can take my courses online.  I am already running into scheduling issues though bc I was told there are both asynchronous and synchronous classes but it seems like the initial courses are synchronous and then there is the start time on the one I need in particular… it starts at 4:30 and I’m not out of work until 5pm every day.  I guess I figured most of the classes would start later to accommodate working folks… especially considering it’s a masters program.  I’m praying I don’t regret my decision. 🫠

You are operating with a fundamental misunderstanding of how academic funding works.   
  
Funding for large projects (like new buildings, specialty equipment, etc) is called capital expenditures and comes from a different pool of money (usually dedicated state grants) than regular operational expenditures (general state funding and tuition). The stuff that ODU administration touts as "forward focused" and building towards future greatness or whatever the line is, are from the first pool. State governments like funding the first pool because they produce things like buildings that can be easily seen and celebrated, so it looks like they support education.   
  
The second pool is what affects educational quality and is what faculty care about (and students should care about). It funds salaries, general supplies, operating expenses, support resources, etc. It is this second pool that is being cut, because it is expensive and a chronic need. These cuts are why tuition goes up faster than inflation and quality on campus goes down.

Well, my point still stands. We pay taxes towards a facade of strong educational institutions that are weak due to poor management of funds (and probably corruption). They fund all types of useless things here.

Enough

ODU's alert system I was one of the people who called, and did so at 9:38. Let's be real here, the alert system was SO late on what could've gotten more people hurt.

Over 20 minutes for ANYTHING from the campus is terrible considering the text didn't go out until 10. They could've handled it a lot better.

I was blindly practicing in the music building by then-- relatively close to the area of the shooting. I had ZERO idea until someone inside told me by mouth, and then LATER the alert went out... If that was an actual active shooter rather than (supposedly) a targeted incident? I very well could've been dead as I was not hiding and also making my location known with my instrument. Do better.

Stay tuned for my book, Surviving ODU from 2021-25

[deleted]

I mean considering that you called, police dispatch has to enter that information, dispatch officers who then respond and investigate and make a scene safe, coordinate rescue services, then inform their own command staff, 20 minutes is pretty quick.

[deleted]

As an ODU graduate of 1985, it’s unbelievable the leaders that are elected like Obama and Biden don’t care about our safety and only illegal votes to keep in power. Why else did they open our borders and jails for the public to deal with. Because democrats don’t care about us!

Everyone's fortunate that police response was quick if it wasnt a targeted incident; I heard sirens within the minute but at the end of the day around 20 bullets were fired. people in brod, the music building, etc could definitely be in so much risk if it were a different kind of shooting.

I can't imagine what it would feel like to know that practicing my instrument could mean missing out on information that would keep me safe

I can help with the prequel I survived from 2004-2008

Please post it when you can

Can I chime in? Lol

You're supposed to be automatically part of it if you're a student, otherwise you can sign up for the alerts on the website. Tbh though I feel like they're so poorly timed that the only time I've gotten a useful alert is for snow cancelations.

ODU PD doesn't run the alert system alone btw. This is from the alerts website:

"Alerts will be sent by either University Relations or Old Dominion Police, depending on the nature of the situation."

A police response should immediately trigger any sort of lockdown especially in potentially life threatening situations. If a shooting happens, 20 minutes can be devastating. If they can take the time to listen to my phone call and ask for my personal information they can easily send out an alert that's maybe a sentence long to warn people to stay safe indoors.

Bro what?

If DUI means "dying under itchy-trigger-finger" now then i guess :)

Bot.

2016-2020 here

It was a joke. They were saying they care more about dui's than active shooters. It was a slight at the odu police

ODU has turned into a weak education in a dangerous city. Norfolk sucks!!!! ODU has lowered there standards to that of a community college. Wake up people!!

Alright bot.

Guys meet Randy Webb.

One man’s trash is Randy’s treasure

A friend of the people

Who gives these religious groups authority to pedal their crap on campus? Firstly, I take no issue with religious people, practice whatever you want in the comfort of your own home, place of worship, etc... 

What I do take issue with is predatory marketing tactics aimed at children. I'm damn near 30 and pretty solidified in my spiritual/religious beliefs, but many of the people who attend ODU are literal children, fresh out of high school and probably away from home for the first time. While college is a fantastic time to reflect on your own spiritual or religious beliefs, one should be free to come to that conclusion on their own volition, not through predatory marketing. 

Moreover, do these door to door style salesmen even go to ODU? I understand that this is a public campus, but at best, people who don't attend classes loitering on a college campus is creepy; if these people aren't being vetted they could have ulterior motives and could even be dangerous. 

Just food for thought, come to your own conclusions, but don't let someone lock you into a borderline cult at 19 years old. (Looking at you Jehovah's witnesses)

I’m not a big fan of religion in general, but as you said, it’s a public campus. You can’t force anyone through a vetting process to exercise a constitutional right on public property.

It’s a public space, it’s not inside your home.

had an interesting experience with ODU cru if that’s what you’re referring too

If the school receives public funding the only restrictions they can really have (At least at my school) are:

1. Demonstrations must be approved by the school and have a set location (Most get approved I think. We’d probably have a lot more ppl without this)

2. Demonstrators may not interrupt normal university functions. They should not be heard from class spaces or get in the way of staff.

3. Absolutely no physicality allowed. Students and demonstrators must not touch each other to prevent any assault accusations and not escalate them

So yeah, they’re allowed but if you were to complain they are disruptive to your/other ppls classes they would probably be warned/asked to leave. Most of the disruptive religious ppl I’ve seen wear body cams and livestream to truth social type websites making fun of “triggered students”.

1. Freedom of Speech and Freedom of Religion
2. As long as they aren’t impeding students or causing a scene (i.e. bringing a loud speaker and preaching whatever or following students/faculty around) then they are fine.
3. This is a Public University which means it’s open to the Public. 
4. Your children argument falls apart because everyone here is either a legal adult or a 16-17 year old who has been accepted to attend an institution of higher learning which is intended for an adult space; this also sounds like a scare tactic (not accusing you of anything) of “think of the children” when people are practicing a faith and includes how they would like their children to be raised in. Just in the same way a Queer Family or Atheist Family would not want religion taught to their children (in an evangelical way hopefully they are okay with simply learning in a secular setting). 
5. Also there’s other religions represented on Campus, there’s a Mosque 🕌 next to the Broderick Dinning Commons and I’m confident there’s a Synagogue 🕍 nearby. If we start this method of thinking there will be the argument that the Mosque 🕌 is to close or the “Reflection Room” (It’s really a Prayer Room but I can see why ODU would want to make it secular in phrasing) is inviting “uncomfortable opinions and literature on Campus.



The Mormons and Jehovah’s Witness from my experience here have not done anything demeaning or insulting and would leave people alone if they say no thanks 🙂‍↔️. That’s different than these so called “YouTube Clout Seekers” who grab a microphone 🎤 and shout about the end times or political views that while protected by free speech actually cause a nuisance compared to the normal good folks who politely stand around or come up with a simple question. 

That is my experience and I’m confident that other classmates have different experiences. 

In my opinion, I see your argument but allowing them to be on Campus is a net positive because it opens up dialogue (if given consent), you’re supposed to be challenged in an academic environment, and it’s likely they might learn something themselves. If I were you I’d just ignore them or give them a polite nod and move along. If they try to pressure you that’s when action should be taken.

I don't care to see them stalking our students either. If you have a deep concern, I recommend talking with campus police about it to ensure they're actually allowed to be on campus. To say "public university" doesn't necessarily mean "public land" or "open to the public" but rather "state-funded institution", and the security of the students and employees should be considered.   
But as others have pointed out, it's also a free-speech matter, and as a state institution, ODU is more obligated to permit it, even if it's creepy and predatory.

ODU is a **public university**, which means it’s bound by the **First Amendment**. The school can’t ban religious groups from speaking on campus any more than it could ban political groups or activists promoting a cause.

Public campuses are generally treated as **limited public forums**, so outside speakers are allowed as long as they follow the same rules as everyone else.

You don’t have to agree with them or talk to them. You can ignore them, debate them, or walk past. But **the university can’t shut people down just because someone doesn’t like the message**.

The number one time a person is going to join a cult is in the first month of college. A time when they are in transition and trying to create an identity outside of their families and hometowns. Cults know this so they bombard campuses.

I’m pretty sure it’s their own right as Americans to “pedal their crap” just like you have your own right to ignore them

I mean it could be worse, you could be looming in a country where you could have no choice at all and posting something like this would put a target on your head.

some ODU cru people aren’t even students which is werid to me and probably common in other ODU groups

[deleted]

Obey or be dammed/Obey or jail, ain't it pretty ironic and creates a side vs side mentality. However someone finds their enlightment is their journey. Just hopefully these young minds can see past the illusions of control.

The first amendment

We’re in America it’s called the 1st amendment in a public space

Are you working for ODU or go to school at ODU?

Just tell them to fuck off or pull the AIRPLANE sucker punch

That’s what I’m saying because I guarantee you someone’s gonna start trying to block the Mosque 🕌 from doing their Friday Services because “they’re pedaling their crap on (or nearby) campus”. Then the Synagogue 🕍, then the “Reflection Room” and next thing you know ODU is hit with a 1st amendment lawsuit against every world religion.

Chat GPT ass response lol

Campus police and admin on campus do not care about their students! Over five women came forward last year about a history student sexually harassing women in a small enclosed room sponsored by arts and letters. Campus did nothing and threat assessment inside the police station did not even reach out to those victims.

people like to bring up "the first amendment" as if it genuinely means anything in this country if you pay attention. the constitutions been broken time and time again because the american government has no integrity, its just air.

That idea gets repeated a lot, but there’s actually very little research showing the “first month of college” is some major cult recruitment window.

Campuses get targeted by every kind of recruiter for the same reason. It’s one of the few places where thousands of adults are gathered in a public setting. Political groups, clubs, the military, nonprofits, and yes, religious groups. If someone isn’t interested, they can just keep walking.

I don't subscribe to the "it could be worse" fallacy.

This is the stuff that causes unnecessary violence. You get charge not just with battery but a hate crime.

They ask "have you found Jebus yet?" And I flipout saying "you lost him again! You better go find him." Or I ask them if they've accepted the dark lord as there true savior yet and then walk away.

Sure pal

Cool.

That is sad because you can not subscribe to the thought of “it could be better” if their is no worse

I can, because I do. What I mean is that "it could be worse" is not an acceptable way to end a debate.

Than  it could be better is a fallacy too

For those of you who have reservations about going to school in your late 20s or older

Thank you for posting this! First in person class tomorrow for undergrad at 27 🥹 wishing a good semester on everyone!

Beautiful quote, thank you for posting it!

Meme post overrun I am on r/ODU to help people with issues at the school. These meme posts are making me want to leave.

Check to see who's posting them and there you'll find your answer

yeah we wouldn't want to ruin the integrity of this highly active and very useful sub.

Pro tip: Block the person to not see any posts Reddit wide.

just block them if you don't wanna see em

For what it's worth, I graduated 6 years ago, and this is the most alive I've seen this sub. I appreciate the memes, but you can just block the guy, FYI

I have no problem with memes, it’s just that u/Mr_Two0 ‘s memes are pretty bad so they get annoying to see. Just down vote him and move on

Can the mods ban the dude posting who doesn't even go to ODU?

Just block whoever has been posting them. I think it’s one person but can’t be more than two or three, I did and no memes for days

imo the meme posts doesn’t bother me and it’s not serious that you wanna leave that’s just weird 💀just ignore and move on to next post

So leave?

This sub was literally dead before the meme posts

Just did. Thanks, I was unaware of this option.

soup nail mysterious noxious historical fade absurd workable disarm busy

 *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev/home)*

He used to go to ODU

Good luck this semester, fellow Monarchs! May spring semester grant you stable internet connections, professors who grade work in a timely manner, and classmates who know how to mute themselves. 😁

One out of three.

Naro Video Donates over 42,000 Videos to Old Dominion University Libraries [x-post /r/norfolk]

Congratulations! We survived another semester! Being a student during this pandemic has not been ideal in a dozen different ways, but you made it through.

Maybe you struggled with staying motivated or focused (I know I did). Maybe you didn't get the grades you wanted. Maybe you did better than you thought. 

No matter what, you survived. I'm proud of you. I'm extra proud of those who finished their degrees and are graduating. 

Give yourself time to enjoy the win. You earned it. ♥️♥️♥️

I'm very nervous for my sophomore year. it will he the first time being in a university class. so idk how anything works inside an actual class setting

I'm still debating doing classes on campus vs online just because I'm an out of state student

That makes sense! There are going to be a lot of people around you who are in the same boat. It's gonna be okay, I promise. There are a lot of profs and students who will be happy to help you out because we are going to be thrilled to be back on campus.

I’m doing all online as much as I can so I can work to continue paying for college with as few loans as possible

Understandable. Living on campus is expensive!

Do you live in VA? or outside? cause I know tuition rates change if you live outside VA

I'm going to be living off campus in the Fall but I dont know if to bare the year until i get residency or just do online. My plan right now is to study on campus and then not register for Spring if I end up struggling financially

I live in VA

What's your major? I can probably direct you towards helpful resources.

As of right now I'm majoring in Criminal Justice with a minor in International Studies and I'm considering changing to a major in English and minoring in Criminal Justice and International Studies instead so I can get used to more reading and analyzing for graduate school

To the girl who hit reply all...

My wife is a distance ODU student. We've just been sitting here reading the replies tonight. 

Thanks, Amber!

Can't believe she has a 4.0.

Are you kidding me? These emails have been amazing

It was somewhat interesting until everyone started begging for followers on Instagram and Twitter. Haha.

Why would she think the school would care about one whinny girl? Other people have problems too, but they suck it up and deal!

smh me either

Like I said in a previous comment, they were interesting until everyone started begging for followers on Instagram and Twitter.

Exactly. That is something you send to your teachers.

ODU declines to say how many responses there were to criminal history questionnaire

Someone needs to file an FOIA request

Moments like this I wish that listserv would break again so students could just submit BS responses to that stupid form.

LMAO!

I’m guessing maybe 100.

u/Zestyclose_Luck_8163 is a FOIA request in the works?

I'll ask our education reporter who's been headlining ODU coverage. You can reach him at [John.buzbee@virginiamedia.com](mailto:John.buzbee@virginiamedia.com)

ODU Faculty Senate ‘exploiting’ tragedy for ‘personal agenda,’ board rector alleges

Why r they acting like the faculty are their enemies?

Although I do agree that using the incident to address the issues was in bad taste, the faculty has a point. This incident could’ve been way worse had it not been for those brave ROTC students. But there’s no assurance that an incident like this won’t happen again.

Having the student population fill out a disclosure form for criminal convictions is not a students job, the school has all the information needed to perform background checks on its student population. The fact that they asked the students to fill out that form shows that the school isn’t ensuring the safety of their students.

One of my professors is part of the faculty senate and one of their concerns are the doors to the classrooms. Some of the classrooms didn’t have the ability to lock from the inside at the time of the incident such as the classroom I was. We resorted to barricade the door with tables and some of the students started freaking out when they realized that a simple safety feature as a lock on a door wasn’t able to protect them. A good amount of my classmates have decided not to attend this week due to safety concerns. 

And then there’s this shit show of the BOV antagonizing the faculty that are trying to put their students first. It seems that any concerns for actual student safety and success are thrown in the trash.

I do believe that there was nothing that the School’s administration could’ve done to prevent this sort of attack, but there are plenty of things they can do to to make it harder for someone to harm our students. 

Right now it seems like the school is worried more about making a profit than the welfare of students. Their focus on their online program has resulted in the neglect of the physical campus and the students that attend it. It shows with the little things such as the dirty floors and dirty classrooms. It saddens me that the school is more focused on being competitive and profitable. I decided to attend this university due to its reputation for being having good veteran resources but honestly it’s hard to even focus on my studies when there’s no trust in the leadership by the faculty and students. Honestly I’m thinking of either transferring or looking for other opportunities but I guess only time will tell what happens to our school.

Nah they’re calling a spade a spade

literally gaslighting everyone

Honestly curious- what do students think about this?

Idk I think using the tragedy as a shield against accountability is arguably way more disgusting. 

They care more about getting donations to make campus pretty instead of safer. The entire BOV and Hemphill need to resign.

This is the same school that recently passed a no confidence vote against their BOV. Not surprising to see leadership undermine their concerns.

Because they are. Faculty cares about student well being and safety while the Board of Visitors is worried about losing money. They are profit over people.

Overwhelmingly against the BOV in this situation. Read the comments in this thread:

https://www.reddit.com/r/ODU/s/ZZgxwmMXjo

I am a student and I'm furious at the BOV. I don't feel like our safety or even our education is their primary concern, and its blatantly obvious they could care less about the faculty. I understand very well the function of the BOV and why the Commonwealth has a vested interest in the financial sustainability of the university- but that doesn't mean they should be dictating academic policy or circling wagons around leadership when safety gaps are revealed. It certainly doesn't mean they should be sending me, a student, emails about private scraps. There needs to be a major shake up and restructuring, imo.

As a student, I think the Board of Visitors needs a shakeup as well as Hemphill and his entourage that he brought in with him. The Faculty Senate aren’t exploiting anything, rather they are trying to point out the faults of Hemphill and the BoV. 

The lack of care and urgency to fix issues raised by Faculty is atrocious, as well as the entire administration’s vocal response. Yes, I love how the community has come together to support everyone at ODU, and that there is so much support on campus for us, but the problems of the vote of no confidence and the mistakes and issues not being fixed through the last couple of years is ridiculous and needs to be addressed.

The BOV is handling this poorly, and I support the Faculty Senate. Personally, I don't want to see increased security, since it'll decrease the quality of ODU by making it inaccessible to the public, but it's also obvious the BOV failed to handle security concerns.

For context, I'm a grad student and TA. My professors are more than unhappy with the administration.

I don’t know anyone who has any love left for ODU after all this. My entire circle is angry. Most are considering transferring if they can, and two have dropped out entirely (luckily they got great jobs first so it’s fine).

I don’t care just wanna graduate and have a stable job

I read that and agree it reads as overwhelming against the board. Some of those comments were def from faculty though, so I wasn’t sure how much that reflected what students really felt.

Keep sticking up for admin in other places and there will be no change.

In the community people are not happy about what’s going on at ODU.

Nusbaum Apartment Photos hi everyone! with classes starting soon, i’ve had a lot of people message me for photos of nusbaum so i’d figure i’d share them publicly. i lived there for two years and am happy to answer any questions you may have about the area/experience.

Is it quiet over there? Does it feel safe? Any issues?

That kitchen is for sure updated from when I was there 😅

Thank you so much!!!! Youre the best :)

Damn I didn’t know these were very mid apartments

Is it a 1 bed room?

Which part of nusbaum C are the laundry machines in

What size are the beds in Nusbaum? Full?

1. it’s relatively quiet. the walls are paper thin so you will hear your neighbors a lot. i lived on the 2nd floor and could hear my downstairs neighbor and my neighbor across the hall do basically everything. i was fortunate to never have anything drastically annoying or bothersome to the point i couldn’t enjoy the space. 

2. i felt safe for the most part. it’s right off killam so that’s always an issue and the local neighborhood surrounds the building so you get a lot more locals, which can be hit or miss. buildings b and c have an exterior door that is an extra layer of security. no one can get inside the building without a key to that door and because it’s only a few tenants, no one is just letting people inside the same way they would for other dorms

3. it’s an older building so you get a lot of older building issues ( i had a sewage pipe burst in my shower 🫠 ) i ran into problems of roaches my second year living there as did my friend who lived on the first floor. never infestation level, but still didn’t like having them especially because i was a relatively clean person. personal issues i had were the small kitchen and i despised the laundry room. there’s 3 washers and 3 dryers and rarely do all of the machines work. i also felt like the custodian staff forget about the buildings, especially the laundry room, as it was never cleaned.

yes! 1 bed, 1 bath.

the laundry room is located outside of nusbaum c near the trash on the side facing Killam. You’ll have to use your apartment key to enter the laundry area!

yes! it’s a full size

Hi, what is the cost for spring, fall, and summer separately?

i couldn’t find my financial aid info but if i recall it was 4,000 ish per semester and 1,000 ish for the summer. i can say the price increased between year 1 and year 2 that i lived there so it’s highly likely it’s a different price now so i suggest checking the odu website for the up to date information!

Pictures from the mermaid statue event today at Brock Commons.

ODU Online Course Changes I’m an online student and received the mass email sent to everyone today. Would this mean all online classes are being condensed to 8 weeks starting in the fall? I find because online classes are taken less seriously than in person classes, learning the material over the course of the semester is hard enough as it is. 

Making all online courses 8-weeks sounds like they are trying to put more money in the university’s pocket. More classes can be taken, and people are more likely to fail a faster paced course, therefore having to pay for the class again for a passing grade. The whole situation sounds a bit ridiculous to me.

Oh yes this is definitely what’s happening. And the email basically said “we heard you don’t wanna and we don’t care”

Yeah, an email went out several months ago. We had no input or option to weigh in. It's very disappointing and I feel it's gonna be detrimental to graduation rates and they'll see a mass departure of online students because of this change. I'm an out of state undergrad only staying because of tuition assistance (parent that's faculty and gets 6 free credits to give to me every semester), but I'm also a senior and I'm nervous to see how they'll condense some of the most important classes that I have to take to finish my degree.

I don’t mind if it’s the easy Gen Ed Classes that are sped up but I’m an Engineering Major and I needed every hour of the 4 hours a week to get through my Physics class ain’t no way in hell I’m doing that shit in 8 weeks.

I wanna speak to this as faculty. They told us last semester this was gonna happen. They also banned any zoom meetings for online courses. Why? Never explained. All faculty I've spoken to know it's a horrible idea and will lead to lower quality classes, but admin keeps saying "we don't care, just do it."  My dean said the same last week. It's making me look at the exit, because it's clear admin does not care how good your education is. They just care about raw enrollment numbers. 

On top of it all, they want us to teach MORE students online and pay us LESS. When we asked the dean about a pay bump for teaching more students, she literally scoffed and said no. Shit made me furious. 

EDIT: they have also given us ZERO resources to adjust our classes for 8-weeks. Mind you, faculty DO NOT get paid over the Summer as they prepare for classes. So we have to do extra work for free.

So other solid schools already do it,  my partner goes to ASU online and thats their system.  You dont really take more classes at the same time at least there. A full time semester is still 4 classes 12 credits, you just take 2 classes the first 8 weeks, and 2 classes the second 8 weeks. They are more condensed but you are keeping track of less courses at a time. I think the idea is the information sticks better because its not spread out over 4 months and you aren't switching gears as often.

I am enrolled in Arkansas State online and I actually really enjoy the 8 week courses because I can take one class at a time and still keep part-time status.

It’s a farce. Our program director told us to keep all the content and rigor, aiming for 20 hours of student work a week vs the previous 10. (Mind you, students complain now if I expect more than 5 hours a week.) Same Director goes to a town hall for students and pushes how much faster and easier this 8 week plan will be, insisting the program will be accommodating to those who work full time. I did a quick straw poll of students afterwards and they all walked away assuming the course would be cut in half, content wise. Some were planning to take 4 classes per quarter because hey, speed is where it’s at!

So either rigor and content will be gutted, or the students are going to fail/drop out. And we know the latter will NOT be tolerated. The D in ODU will now stand for Diploma Mill.

I am sooo curious what dean this is lol

Only way to change a tyrannical leader is to get enough faculty together and either expose everything to the news, donors, funders. Or revolt against it. Most faculty won’t though they love their paychecks

So there are no zoom courses online at all???

ASU is pretty well known to be diploma mill trash, unfortunately.

The only thing that has me upset is for students like me that have on-campus classes, we’re being forced essentially to have 16-week classes AND 8-week accelerated at the same time. For my major, some classes are only offered in an online format or a physical format, forcing me to essentially either eat time crunch at the start/end of semester, or push my degree out by another year minimum to have a fully online then full on campus semester. Granted my situation is unique as a transfer student with 100+ credits as “elective” because the uni didn’t bother giving me anything, but that’s life as a non-trad student.

Bottom line, this change really only works if you are a 100% online or 100% on campus student, and if you’re a blend of the two you’re effed

We all see it VERY clearly. It's a race to the bottom. If they cared about quality of education, we'd be given support to make better online classes. We'd also get grants and pay raises to do this transition properly.

Rhymes with Barts and Betters

First, we don't get paid anywhere near enough to be bought. Most faculty at ODU make $20k-$60k. Half make around $20k and are given no contract or benefits. Despite that over 70% of faculty just voted no confidence in the university president yesterday and have been organizing for months to oppose the rushed 8-week online plan. The admin and board keep actively ignoring us, canceling meetings at the last minute and running away from us. I had the provost literally run out of an event with a nervous look on his face as I approached to ask him a question.

The faculty senate just voted no confidence in the President. That's laying things on the table. They speak for the faculty. We're doing what we can. Maybe if the students started demonstrating, they would start taking things more seriously.

The idea that we're too scared to do it because we "love our paychecks" is laughable. Our pay is significantly less than similarly educated and trained individuals. We teach because we care. We're not trying to get rich off of this, because the truth is most of us aren't getting rich, and some are barely getting by.

No, it's forbidden with the new policy. The only zoom thing would be office hours.

Not true at all lol

I am a vet and love online courses. But to condense Accounting majors when the material is already condensed?  That’s insane! The did not exclude certain majors? Also a lot of the students are military with disabilities so what about that and all the support that is suppose to help us? That was all a lie?

No, it appears there wasn't any consideration for that from the administration. Same for sciences with labs or graduate programs. It is a one size fits all approach that is frankly insane.

What is the use of having a no confidence vote on a president if it does nothing? I thought Spanberger added more people to the board Will they reconsider? This President should be fired!

The governor added a few people to the board but it is still majority from the previous administration. However, my understanding is that the rest of the board will end their terms in the summer. The hope is that the next board may remove the President.

I hope so. I have been reluctant to register because of this 8 week accelerated courses. I don’t think I will succeed in that type enviroment.

Memorial for Renee Nicole Good? Does anyone know if anyone is organizing a memorial at ODU?

UPDATE: there is a peaceful protest taking place tonight 4pm (Friday) at the ICE field office 200 Granby Street

[ Removed by Reddit ]

Bernice King says to "stay woke," fight for change during talk at ODU Martin Luther King, Jr. event Tuesday

Can we please keep politics out of this sub? I like the memes

Normally, I would agree, but in this instance, she spoke at ODU and is the daughter of MLK. It's pretty relevant to this sub. 

But yeah, this really isn't the best place for political discourse.

Politics is everything. 

You can’t escape it.

You got downvoted bc brain lets love their politics too much

First time?

I have 8 AMs every day next semester.. pray for me.

That cold fall rain season early AM is no joke. God bless Maglev.

As someone who had afternoon and night classes, I feel like I was robbed.

🙏

Maglev was demolished 🥲

Maglev?

Robbed of what? Rough mornings? lol

What! I loved that umbrella. 

RIP.

It was a project ODU constructed. Turned into the world’s largest umbrella.

I seen a pic of a dude running on top of it, but it's gone.

Fuck. I graduated 10 years ago. maglev is gone?

Yeah, they took it down, except for the part that goes over Hampton

Ah. Damn, I loved that failure. Do they still ride the Lion?

Brave nude souls. Yes.

Brain tumor and school  Hello, everyone. I wanted to post this just to hopefully get some encouragement. So, roughly a year ago I went to the hospital and asked for a MRI and they found a brain tumer, I had it removed and then got a shunt valve installed, while I went, I was enrolled in classes and I'm a senior, I was also in ROTC so before the surgery, I emailed the school and they converted all my grades for that semester to I's, so what I did the next semester was talk to the professors to then sit in on their classes and make up my work, I did this and just completed this semester I passed all my classes. I wanted to ask encouragement from any engineers or students to keep going, because I get more brain fog and problems because of it, and before engineering is hard, but now I have this.


More info:
It was totaling 13 brain surgeries, and basically, I have dementia now and have really bad short-term memory, but my long-term memory remains unaffected. I still remember the rules of calculus and algebra enough to understand my courses. And I addressed it, I was the jerk running around with the eyepatch if you saw it.

you should get accommodations from the office of accessibility.

Speak to the accommodations office. I had a seizure my last semester at ODU and couldn’t drive for 6 months by law plus had lasting issues. They were able to help me out. Just warning you some professors do not care about accommodations and will try and pretend they don’t exist, but 99% are pretty chill about it.

[deleted]

I pray for you brother, I lost my health insurance this semester and my diabetes when completely out of control. It’s inspiring to know there are methods to navigating school during a health crisis, wish I could’ve read this sooner.

Yes, I got double testing time this past semester.

Thanks, and FYI, I'm also the one that was walking around campus with the eyepatch.

Thank you!

work with your accessibility person, there are more that you can get. they can be tailored to your specific needs as well.

so I found something on the third floor of the library

Please tell me this is still here

Idk probably. I posted the video here when I was still sitting there.

future monarch ??

Congratulations!

Congratulations! (You might want to censor your UID)

what was your gpa/sat?

Only at Rogers can you order 8 quesadillas at midnight and not have to pay

Rogers late night was a life saver my freshmen year

Man. I miss that shit. The man who worked there knew me so well that I could walk in and he would get my order ready. I respect those cooks.

I used to walk over with my hallmates from Whitehurst to Rogers for this exact reason. Good times

Class of 2023 :)

Congratulations! Do you know what you're going to study!

I’m leaning towards Mechanical Engineering because I’ve heard the program for it is great there. Not 100% decided though. The bachelors to PhD program seems really nice so maybe I’ll try for that. :)

Welcome!  I'm doing mechanical right now as a freshman, if you have any questions feel free to message me about them!

Beware of Sarper as a MechE his classes were always quite dull and you only talked about Mars. He didn’t make a lot of sense either, just use rate my professor. It helped me find decent teachers for most classes when I was there

I started in the Mech program and switched to Computer Engineering after the first programming course just because I fell in love with it!

Are you interested in research or getting into industry?

Thank you!

Will do, so you can delegate which teachers to take classes from?

Well that’s awesome! Programming is awesome. More likely the industry but I’m not sure.

Yeah, when you register for classes

For the most part, yes. Occasionally, there are classes that are taught by one professor exclusively, or maybe only taught by one professor on a particular semester. If you're worried about taking a class with a particular professor, just make sure you keep track on when and in what order you need to take what classes and be strategic about scheduling.

The PhD program is heavily research-oriented. If you're wanting to go into industry, I'd maybe consider an accelerated Master's program at most.

I’ll have to do more research about the two sides, and possibly even other majors. I’m still not 100% sure that engineering is what I’d like to pursue.

Constant Hall safety concerns resurfaced in ODU Faculty Senate dispute with admin after deadly shooting

This is wildly disrespectful. Every BOV member should be replaced.

That email was so wildly inappropriate. The BOV has lost the plot.

Thankfully they will be come summer when the new governor will appoint a new board

What I would do if I got a chance to start my college all over again. A little advice for a change.  

1. Do research on related job market and figure out what specific job position you want to do after graduating as detail as possible and as soon as possible to plan your courses accordingly. (put thoughts in optional classes accordingly)
2. Do research on [Ratemyprofessor.com](https://ratemyprofessor.com/) for your upcoming semester courses, come up with a good plan for registration and register as soon as you know your ticket. Be smart about time in between courses because that's the time you can actually do your homework effectively since you can discuss with your friends or get contact with professors if needed since they all are active during the day. Don't forget to meet your advisors with your semester-courses-plan or you will get a hold and can't register on time.
3. Try to get involve in many projects, many field-related associations as much as possible because these will be the closest thing to work experience if you can't get any internship (knock on wood). Also, figure out when is the earliest you can apply for internship and plan on applying ahead of time. This will be a big element on your resume. Start practicing building your resume, this activity will help you shape up what you want and what you need for your future. (I regretted so much for not doing all these sooner)
4. Make friends in classes, offer helps when you can and you will get help when you need. That's how most people survive college, team work makes dream work. They can also possibly be your future connections or just simply friends that can chill with you.
5. Expensive lesson that I had to pay: it is much faster and way more effective to do everything in the right way than spending time trying to find loopholes to go around it. You can be creative on how to approach problems once you learn how to do thing right.
6. Try to plan everything out as detail as you can and try to stick with the plan as much as possible since your time of a day will be very limited. Use the time wisely!
7. All of things above are essential but don't forget to make friends, enjoy yourself with hobbies, parties and such. These few years will pass very quickly so just make this best out of it.

I am sorry for the long input. I did a lot of thought of this after I graduated with lots of regrets and wished I've known and done all of this before. Luckily I meet good friends to help me through college academically and mentally that I could never thank them enough. I wish you very best in your college journey! It seems overwhelming but it is actually very much manageable. You got this! Happy Friday everybody.

"There are no direct disciplinary consequences, account holds, or restrictions associated with choosing not to respond for currently enrolled students." -WJLA News https://wjla.com/features/i-team/old-dominion-virginia-shooting-jalloh-public-university-college-schools-safety-criminal-past-felony-brandon-shah-rotc-commonwealth-isis-attorney-humanization-questions-form

My friend literally couldn’t enroll in classes without completing the form.

I told them they needed to give me more information, and I now have pretty much the same email from them. Quoted text

"Is the questionnaire required?
The questionnaire is not mandatory; however, all students are strongly encouraged to complete it as part of our shared commitment to maintaining a safe campus environment.

 

Are there consequences for not completing it?
There are no direct disciplinary consequences, account holds, or restrictions associated with choosing not to respond for currently enrolled students." 

Happy to email it to anybody having issues.

https://wjla.com/features/i-team/old-dominion-virginia-shooting-jalloh-public-university-college-schools-safety-criminal-past-felony-brandon-shah-rotc-commonwealth-isis-attorney-humanization-questions-form

I’m so confused. What happening? What is this survey that’s going around?

Good

omg there’s no way

Check your email if you are a student. Text is below.

https://www.reddit.com/r/ODU/s/MSs07v5ikZ

[way.](https://imgur.com/a/qOK10Qs)

is she a currently enrolled student or newly admitted? cause i’ve worked here all 4 years and people always ask questions about that hold, even with the survey, info in the link [holds](https://www.odu.edu/academics/academic-records/holds)

It says “CONTACT ODU ADMISSIONS OFFICE”

yeah i know i work front desk in an office on campus that regularly works with admissions, and usually only newly admitted students get this hold unless there’s been an error

That’s honestly not true I’ve been admitted for months and I got the hold on my account. These kind of things are not error it has to be imposed on the account specifically not just a batch at the time.

You are correct. I am a continuing student as well and they DID put a hold on my account on 3/18 citing this questionnaire as the requirement to lift the hold. Even though the registrar sent the email, I emailed admissions (because the hold contact was their office), stating the email did not say the questionnaire was required and therefore they must remove my hold. Within a day the hold was removed but I think the heat they received caused them to back peddle and remove the for everyone. 

I also work at another higher ed institution and know how holds are placed on the admin side in Banner. They definitely intended for the holds to be placed on all active students until the questionnaire was resolved. It was not an error.

1- i said usually 
2- it is very possible to experience errors on this, i’ve worked in the office all 4 years, it happens from time to time 
3- if you’ve been ADMITTED but are not a continuing student (sophomore, junior, senior) those are the people that will see these holds, which is why it say contact admissions, if someone who has been a student for a while gets that hold 9 times out of 10 it’s error

1. I understand you said usually based off your personal experience 2. “Errors” such as account holds are not something that is a frequent occurrence putting holds on accounts take a lot of paperwork and do get double checked for due to the severity of what holds entail. I see where you are coming from but in relation to holds this is my experience on the matter.

putting a hold is just a click of a button. Or computer automated. holds that require paperwork usually refer to conduct holds or things along those lines, but most holds are computer applied depending on if an account meets specific criteria. i’m not trying to be an ass but genuinely this is an area i have a high level of experience in due to work. ive read the manual on holds and registration and all those things at least 10 times. it should be a more in depth process, but it’s mostly automated

Justice Department charges man accused of selling gun to Old Dominion University shooter

So when the seller got in trouble in 2021 for straw sales, he got a warning letter?


Isn't that a felony?

This is why all private party sales should be done through an FFL. A background check would've disqualified this terrorist. Matter of fact, if the law required a sale through an FFL, the terrorist wouldn't even have tried cause he would've known he wouldn't be successful. I'm a huge 2A supporter but this is the one loophole that allows criminals to easily procure guns from private sellers that don't have the scruples to not sell to someone that seems shady. I personally would never do a private party sale unless it's to a close relative I have lots of data on.

Good

Why did ODU admit a potentially violent convicted felon?  How many others are current students?

Proof again that gun laws are only as good as those who follow & those who enforce them

not if you're sorry

Just another example of adding more laws, not enforcing them, and using the crime as an excuse to add more laws.

I'm pretty sure they don't/can't background check students. They ask if you've been convicted of a crime on the application, but students have to self report.

What made you choose ODU? Just as the title says. Honestly curious what made everyone in this sub choose the university. I'll go ahead:

ODU '21 (Comms/Film Production). I'm originally from the Richmond Metro (Chesterfield, specifically) and growing up was primarily exposed to VCU and my father's alma mater UVA. I remember the first time I had ever heard of ODU was the very cheesy "Modern Mind" ad campaign that was run in \~2009. Fast forward to 2016, I was very interested in film production, and was kinda scared into going to college by my guidance counselor lol. Anyway, I was looking into schools within Virginia that had film programs, but most of them were all schools that people at my high school were all going to (i.e. VCU, JMU, GMU). I then came back around to ODU and took a tour in late November '16. I quickly fell in love with the campus coupled with the distance from Chesterfield, and got in solidly. 

I loved the years i was there in person and am going back in a few years for their Civil Engineering BS/MS. With that, I'll pass the question off to you: what made you choose Old Dominion University?

I had a guidance counselor that took us to the campus and toured the facilities. My mom went when it was Old Dominion College turned University. We were poor and though I got a presidential scholarship or something along those lines for virginia Wesleyan but didn't think I could afford it and being a liberal arts college didn't think I'd make good money with a liberal arts degree. Ended up getting my bachelor's and masters through grants, scholarships and working as a TA so no college debt and two degrees in computer science.

At odu from 09-13

True reason: I was sure I would get a scholarship to W&M but I didn’t. ODU was my hometown university and did give me a scholarship. I was pretty bitter about for a semester but by my second semester I had made friends and joined some clubs and grew to love ODU. I ended up loving the mix of traditional and non traditional students that went there since it made every class have a lot of diversity of thought. People I met later who when to other ‘better’ schools have very homogenous classes.

Diversity and city feel! They also are paying me to attend after all of my scholarships. Also loved that their cybersecurity program was not intense math and staying next year for my masters.

Cheap

The beach….much to my father’s dismay

At odu from 22-25 (winter grad)

Got rejected from Virginia Tech, UVA, and North Carolina State University. So, I applied to ODU and got in lol.

The community college system had a transfer agreement with ODU to accept my associates degree in Mechatronics Systems Engineering Tech to cover my first 2 years towards a bachelors in Mechanical Engineering Tech. Minus about five 200-level classes. It was also nice because the agreement gave me a lower division gen ed waiver, so I didn't have to take foreign language and another English class. I graduated last December and enjoyed my time even if it was all online. I did travel to campus for graduation though

I applied to ODU, VT, VCU, UVA, and JMU. Got waitlisted by VT and UVA but got accepted into JMU VCU and ODU. Tbh I really wanted to go to VT or UVA but once I realized I wouldn’t get into the college I wanted to I just ended up going to the cheapest option which was ODU. JMU is just too expensive for a degree in engineering and VCU doesn’t offer Civil Engineering.

It’s not all bad here though, after a few semesters I’ve found things to enjoy here and I got a music minor which makes things a lot of fun here. 

FYI I came here last year in the fall.

I needed a grad program that would accept my shitty GPA from undergrad…..

Graduated community college in the fall, it was the  cheapest and closest option so I could transfer during the spring semester, seems like a chill school so far.

To be so fr, the location (by the beach) and it was way cheaper then other schools

I was born and resided on the Peninsula . I thought about UVA an Va Tech, but I like the area. I did travel all over the state during my college years. I was surprised how many of them were envious because there was so many happening g here like the beaches and such. It did prepare me for when I lived in SillyCon Valley and all of the DotCom foolishness.

Got accepted to 5 schools. 3 offered scholarships, ODU offered me honors college and room and board for the first two years. Not bad for a 3.05 GPA from a local high school.

Marine Biology major. I eventually graduated with a degree in poetry.

Ease of transfer from community college. Decent engineering program.

My son's not a Redditor, but I'll give my perspective on why he chose ODU.  He's from West Africa, adopted as an older kid, has lived in several countries, but due to my job we qualify for in-state in Virginia.  He wanted a diverse, welcoming campus.  I thought he might get a lot out of an HBCU, so we looked at Hampton, Norfolk State, and Virginia State, as well as ODU, VCU, U of Virginia, and Towson in Maryland (they have great marketing, what can I say).  He got in everywhere -- well, we're still waiting to hear from UVa.  But based on our visits, he liked ODU best.  The young man who led our tour was smart, enthusiastic, and friendly; the campus isn't isolated, the way Hampton and Towson are; it was great to see such a diverse student body.  I was a little surprised that he didn't lean more toward VCU given its easy access to so many good restaurants, but I think he preferred the vibe of a more traditional college campus.  UVa is UVa, but it's not exactly diverse, so even if he gets in with a great scholarship, at this point he's settled on ODU and I support him 100%.

It was nearby and good for military students because so many veterans go there they understand the GI Bill pretty well. I also like the fact that it’s an R1 research school, and I took advantage of that and became published recently. It’s not a bad school.

Chesapeake native, non-traditional student. Went to TCC for AS while working then transferred to ODU because it was local and a cheaper option.

are you rich now?

Me too!! Not for the same degree but ODU had a deal to accept more of my CC credits, and it was relatively cheap to attend!

That’s actually how I’m going back for CivilEng. While as an alumni I’ll get in no matter what, I’m currently knocking out the gen eds through VCCS online while I’m living in Colorado. Safe to say it’s working out well so far

Compared to my upbringing yes. Mom used to make 12k a year but luckily had inherited her house. 

I'm pulling around 142k a year doing software engineering. House halfway paid off after 7 years.

I'm about to drop out  I was so excited to get into a masters programs. Enrollment is a NIGHTMARE! I dont know what I'm doing! I made an entire plan of study on my own because my EC wouldn't help for diddly squat, then I come to find out all these courses she said would work aren't even AVAILABLE this term. They are so vague and frustrating that I don't even want to be in the program anymore. Its starting to make me feel like I made a huge mistake going here. I was excited to start a graduate course of study, now I am dreading it after pulling teeth to get this to all work. Does it get better? Should I run? 

Edit to add: I finally got into contact with a different EC and it is like night and day. It took an hour to have my entire plan of study completed, and have me set up for courses this week. Thank God!

Im currently getting my MS in mechanical engineering at ODU, and honestly, all the course planning and registration I have just done myself. Degree works is pretty straightforward with what your course requirements are. From there you just need to do a bit of looking through banner registration “browse courses” and see what you can take, when. My advisor is by no means unhelpful, but I have just found that nobody knows what classes I need to take/want to take more than me, so Its best to just figure it out yourself and then get someone to look at it if you are really worried.

Which masters program? That’s kinda the nature of the grad programs at ODU. There isn’t much course flexibility because the student population is significantly smaller than undergrad programs. If you don’t have a specific goal or job in mind, then I wouldn’t waste your time or money. But if you have a specific intention, then you’ll figure it out. An extra semester or two won’t hurt you in the long run..

I looked into a masters degree there and everyone I spoke to or called was so rude or dismissive I finally gave up. 

I got into another school out of state and went online. I got in-state tuition through the Academic Common Market. It was great! Graduated last year and got a job in the field.

Glad to hear you got in contact with someone helpful.

Believe it or not but you actually have to do your own due diligence, ask questions, seek your advisors and ask around. No one is going to care about your future as much as you so you need to be proactive.

You won't. No balls

I'm in the environmental engineering program but have been taking ODU grad engineering courses over the last year before I officially started the program. I don't even have an advisor, lmao! I literally just went on Banner and picked what I wanted to take for the spring and summer--it definitely was the best approach!

Literally all I am asking this person is to help me with my plan of study and create it. I've asked multiple times if we could call, I've sent emails, they're just so vague and unhelpful. I'm not picky with courses or electives, it's just so frustrating to try and figure out which ones I need and can take cause I'm new here and they won't clarify at all. The program is in engineering.

They are a commuter school trying to be a big school that people go to that aren’t local, but the trouble is they kinda suck in some ways like some of the professors are good people but the way the school is run just sucks bad. In my opinion they are money hungry and inefficient.

Yes balls. I chose to go here over two other school offers I had. Now I'm wondering if that was a wrong choice.

Don’t do it! I’m working on my Under grad at ODU for Engineering. The professors kinda suck. I just wanna finish so I can work full time. Screw a masters degree honestly Get an MBA or something if you wanna be a manager. I don’t recommend this school to a friend

Yeah I went there for my undergrad back in the day and both commuted and lived on campus. It was ok. I liked going there. I liked the professors and classes. But whenever there was an issue, it was a nightmare to fix.

Not much has changed. It took almost 2years for them to accept all my credits from a transfer of an Associate degree. And now I’m about to graduate soon. But I took summer classes and my advisor was virtually no help. And the best part is I have to come back next fall for 2 classes because I can’t take those classes over the summer to finish and they only offer them once a year but the the other classes I was taking conflict in schedule last semester and they are once a year classes also. My advisor really sucked big time poor advice the whole way through. Plus some of the staff retired and I had to take the final class before they changed my concentration. It’s a mess..

Oh wow yeah that sounds about right. I had a concentration get discontinued randomly right before graduation.

FAFSA got disembursed yesterday, waiting for the refund is so painful man

Yup…past semesters I’ve been issued a refund the day after….trying to be patient 😒

Gib rent and liqour money

Same, normally its the next day. When should we expect it?

There’s another thread where someone said Tuesday according to the office….I emailed a lil bit ago and hoping for a reply soon (will post if I hear anything)

FinAid office is saying 5-7 business days from the date it was posted to your student account. so, essentially, by Monday next week... (－‸ლ)

Thank you!

Thank you for the update! I would love to know why they cannot just do what they have been the last few semesters, giving it to us in a timely manner.

I'm not the only one who gets irritated when they see this right?

Yeah, it's annoying. In my experience though, professors don't ever use the entire time allotted for these long classes.

I need to sit down with whoever designed banner and ask them why they thought this was okay

Like I don't want a class that is over 2 hours long. But that is the only time offered

I hope not. I have 2 of these classes. First time ever having a 2 hours class too

Oh rip this was about the time 
Usually weekly classes like that have either a brief intermission or don't last the full time allotted

It was "ok" (not ideal) in the 90's when it was designed, and it's never been updated. I started taking undergrad classes back in 2006 and it was exactly the same then. 

Definitely don't try to do it on mobile devices, just take the time to pull up a desktop / laptop and use it there. It should scale directly on mobile, but it doesn't.

I’m taking 2 separate classes from 4:20 -7:00 (Tue&Wed) and 2 others 7:20 -9:50. Only time they’re offered. I don’t get it.

It's it a lab? They basically have to be that long. Too much effort to set up & clean after the experiment, can't really split them in two.

Why is no one talking about this? I get that ODU needs the federal funding, but I am disappointed about this… feel like no one has really brought it up much. Wish the university pres admin would address it.
https://virginiamercury.com/2025/04/18/george-mason-old-dominion-latest-va-universities-to-roll-back-dei-policies/

It really does seem like they’re retaining DEI efforts but just renaming them to try to fly under the radar. As much as it stinks to not take a stand against the administration, I understand the strategy…. Trying to save people’s jobs and the work itself.

Because you’ll get deported by the authoritarian government

For what it’s worth: during the five year plan presentation Hemphill does provide some good answers. See the YouTube video on the page.

https://www.odu.edu/president/forward-focused-2025

I didn’t see this until now. Sad to see that happen

Talk is cheap. 

Make your 5 calls to your state reps, congress, governors office,  and articulate what/who is suffering due to these programs being rolled back in ways that they can’t deny impact’s Virginia. 

If you are feeling feisty, schedule a group meet with as many as you can muster to help write the talking points with others and share your work so everyone can have a more well reasoned conversation with some legislation staffer. 

After enough calls, perhaps the staffer is convinced but the legislator ignores the issues and avoids town halls. The damage is done to this generation, but the jaded staffer goes to work for a nonprofit instead of becoming the next JD Vance, and in 30 years, progress. 

I kid. But seriously, make the calls, the politicians only read the parts of Reddit that agree with them.

What is just astounding to me is, DEI hiring benefits veterans as well. And the number of veterans that voted against it.

I agree. I just wish they would make a statement or something. Also scared of what the compliance to this issue will lead to

Thanks for sharing! I’ll check it out.

Wrong, they only care about the parts where they get campaign contributions, which includes strong public unions like police, fire, feds, etc most of which support Trump.

Our representatives aren’t doing anything. I’ve done all this and it’s always the same old automated drivel and phony responses. Really wish we had some alternatives to these corporate and AIPAC owned democrats

Probably also thinking about things in a local sense. Virginia is a swing state currently under an avid Trump supporting Republican governor in Glen Youngkin. Probably wouldn’t get much help from the state if they tried to push back at this juncture.

what is this thing?

[ODU Maglev Train Project](http://www.mem.odu.edu/~bawab/ME655f/maglev_project.pdf) track that died a slow death

I saw someone else on here call it the failrail once and I haven’t stopped laughing since

Why it's the Monorail!
https://youtu.be/taJ4MFCxiuo

An umbrella

fail rail

I have to laugh at how many time OP must have walked by thinking "WTF is this thing?!" before finally giving up and asking.

An ancient relic of a time long past. One day historians and archeologists studying the ancient ruins of our school will look at this very same structure and ask, "what is this thing?"

We don’t talk about that.

Was supposed to be some sort of train track but odu bought the land or something

Back in the day it was tradition for you to walk the monorail before you graduate, along with riding the lion. Used to be a ladder at the west end that had some pretty easy to crack security. Does that still happen?

I was a freshman when this was first being built 

I just graduated last week 😅

I always wanted them to turn this into a cover/ umbrella.

Best answer

Was it that other thread with the person doing an essay on it?

A very bad umbrella.

A shitty one at that

L Graduation

I think so but don’t 100% remember. It was pretty recently

Our Lady Monarchs named NCAA team of the week! On a hot 11 game win streak. We might just go dancing again this year!

Do you support turning the remaining Monorail into a university wide art project? Vote in the SGA Special Election link below 👇

Just don't take it down. Leave it up for future generations to continue to hear the tale of the failed monorail project. Years from now, when archaeologists uncover the ruins of our civilization, they'll find it and think we were such an advanced species.

[Link to Vote](https://itsapps.odu.edu/elec/index.php?ele=741)

The election ballot includes Secretary candidates, the Monorail bill, and updated constitution.

If you have any questions feel free to comment.

Would be awesome if ODU would stop giving my number to military recruiters Listen I have made a ton of bad mistakes all by myself. I do not need them calling/texting me to make another.  *Congratulations on a great semester why not make another great decision*, get out of here with that Nigerian Prince BS

Telemarketer > Military Recruiter

Edit: Just got one from the National Guard too.

Weird. I have never heard of ODU giving out student phone numbers to recruiters. How have you confirmed this?

If you speak with the person on the other end of the line and request them to stop calling you, I am fairly confident they will oblige your request.

They have quotas to meet and they are not going to waste their time on someone who expresses zero interest.

>get out of here with that Nigerian Prince BS

I must admit, the way military recruiters pester people with false promises do make the even the most ambitious Nigerian Prince blush.

I’ve gotten a couple calls as well

I get those calls too. Since I applied for graduation this semester, I also get calls from the alumni association trying to get donations. At least let me graduate first, K?

I also know it's because of ODU because I'm out of state and ODU is my only connection to the 757 area code.

I got the same text a few days ago. I'm wondering if it was buried in a user agreement somewhere that this was possible, although I wish I could have opted out. 

Nonetheless, I'm 41, just finishing up some loose strings in life and doubt I'm eligible. 

I just deleted the text and moved on.

I get them all the time

On one hand I hear what you are saying, but on the other I have a guy calling himself ODUs Army Reserve recruiter congratulating me on a semester well done and asking me to come by...

ODU also has a Navy recruiter, and trust me I have made it very clear I am not interested; they keep contacting me.

EDIT: The reason you haven't recieved any calls is probably because you are not a senior or you already drank the cool aid

I am also graduating this semester and have not received any calls from the alumni association nor from military recruiters. I guess I've been lucky!

You know that paper you get when you walk across the stage at graduation? Yeah that’s is just a piece of paper that welcomes you to the alumni association and asked for you to go online and signup for all of their updates

So the problem is who they are sending these messages to. They are messaging abunch of kids promising things like *up to 50k loan forgivenes* to kids who may be desperate. Congrats on you for being cool with it, but this is no different to me than when direct tv leaked my info, which led to abunch of scam calls. You shouldn't have to dodge calls and texts after spending thousands of dollars to get an education. Its a shitty business practice.

Actually, I am a senior graduating this semester.

It would probably be a good idea to block their phone numbers then.

EDIT: Formatting and spelling.

You jinxed it.

oh weird I don't recall giving them my info

Thanks for the advice, it would also be awesome if the institution that is getting paid for me to go there would stop trying to farm me off to the lowest bidder.

Edit: have no idea why I am getting downvoted for having issues with ODU giving out my personal info.

I sure hope not!

I would be pretty annoyed by this too.

Spanberger appoints new members to boards of ODU, Norfolk State, William & Mary

I'm sad that only one has an education background

When do they officially start? Immediately or later on?

Accessible parking Hello I dont usually post but I felt like this one was needed.  I am thankful that there are spots designated for individuals who need them.

Today and to my surprise, an ODU maintenance vehicle was illegally parked in a handicapped spot.  I called ODU parking and spoke with a gentleman who seemed unconcerned about the situation.

I was informed that "we do not ticket ODU vehicles" and "i'll send someone".  When I mentioned that its illegal to park in these spots without credentials, the gentleman stated, "they probably just stopped to look at something".  

We live in a world with laws that we have to follow.  I guess in this case 
-Reserved Parking
-$100-$500 fine 
&
-Tow away zone are *suggestions* for ODU branded vehicles.

This vehicle remained parked for over an hour in the handicapped parking spot while I attended class.

I have included the ODU accessible parking rules directly from the ODU website.  Note that they explicitly mention needing a state issued placard/plate.

https://www.odu.edu/transportation-parking-services/parking/handicap

https://www.dmv.virginia.gov/licenses-ids/disability/rights#:~:text=Rights%20and%20Privileges,unless%20prohibited%20by%20the%20locality)

go to the president or someone that can actually do something

This is a city parking space, so they definitly shouldn't be there.
Additionally, even if they wanted to, ODU parking could not ticket them. All they could do is contact their manager, which I feel like should still be done.

The sign marking the handicapped spot is not properly marked. It needs to be at eye level and not on the ground, and it needs to be position so that it is clearly visible to drivers seeking to park there, which based on the photo attached, it is not. This whole post looks like either clickbait, or someone with an agenda to push that wants to make a statement.

Yeah that sign just isn't correct it's not even on the street side and now it is facing the other direction.

Them mfs give you citation for every little thing definitely don’t let this pass

🥱

Yeah but a student parks there and they get a $250 ticket

i like to take up 3 handicap parking spots with my truck, whenever possible

they block my loading dock every day playing on their phones

Good advice, I will be doing that ASAP.

I honestly didn't even know that, thats a different level of entitlement.

Your comment seems like click bait.  What's your agenda?  Stating laws isnt my opinon, they are just laws that it seems like certain individuals dont want to follow.  Forgive me for shining light to accessible parking laws.

Very true and im definitely not letting this go.

Why would ODU ticket an ODU vehicle with a state license plate, issued to ODU. Additionally, it is a city maintained parking spot. You should report it to the city to have that sign replaced and the parking lines redone

Seriously? What's YOUR agenda?! If you are really concerned about this, complain to the university or public safety. Posting about it on reddit is going to get little accomplished other than satisfying your tiny ego.

It's not my decision who tickets what, I actually never asked them to ticket this person.  I only reported them illegally parking.  

You are right...I like your idea. All of the other parking areas at ODU are easily idenfiable so I dont know why this one is messed up.

Thanks.

Because staff can also break the parking rules. It has been done before.

It's facinating that a professor is speaking in this manner to someone who is bringing insight to an issue they are facing.  Talking about something IS doing something.  Im gonna go to the president and show him my evidence along with this this post.  That's the whole point of the post.  No need to mention egos or feelings.

Who says I’m a professor?

I'm confused? You started with a very valid complaint, but when people let you know why something isn't being done (and yes, the person who parked should be ticketed), you respond in a way that comes off as unnecessarily hostile. Your annoyance is justified, but I'm confused why you're talking like this to someone who's trying to let you know this isn't ODU's jurisdiction?

There's no way you are still responding to this thread.  Have a good day bro.

Thanks for pointing that out, im sorry you feel that way.

This is the kind of comment I'm talking about lmao. Saying "I'm sorry you feel that way" is condescending and dodges the actual point

I made a simple open-source Python tool that lets you download your Canvas course content to your local computer. [https:\/\/github.com\/Jeter361\/Canvas-Grabber](https://preview.redd.it/vdxmqglxbtsf1.jpg?width=1080&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=0bf775abd251927cc3349b87b50e5ada8c5ec202)

Please let me know if you guys have any issues with it. Also, never share your API key with anyone. Treat it as a password!

Nice. Have you hit a rate limit for any of the courses you downloaded stuff from?

Solid tool. To make it safer and sturdier, use scoped tokens, store them in the OS keychain, never print them, and add pagination handling, retry with backoff, checksums with resume, and a small concurrency limit. Add --course/--term filters, a --dry-run, and a clean course/term/file folder scheme. For testing, I’ve used Postman and Insomnia; DreamFactory helped me spin up a quick REST API to log file metadata in SQLite for dedupe and sync. Shipping via pipx, a --since flag, progress bars, and optional rclone handoff would round it out. Scoped auth, backoff, resume, and filters will nail it.

Not yet, I made it so you can download modules from one specific class at a time to avoid that

u/Mr_Two0 recently

Not sorry 😈

They're cute memes. It's not like I have anything to add, now that I've graduated.

I don't give a damn what anyone says, your memes always make me smile and laugh! They're so relatable! Keep them coming!

People just get mad when they see others having fun!

People just get mad when they see others having fun!

It's been a fun experience so far

This sub would essentially be dead without the memes

Car fire Bluestone and 43rd Smoke quickly spread, fire dept is here

Can we park there yet?

Anymore info on it?

It was cleared at 2:45 so I assume so but I’m not sure if there was any damage to the garage

https://www.wavy.com/news/local-news/nfd-respond-to-single-car-fire-in-parking-garage-at-odu/amp/ good to park

It was cleared at 245. Uncertain of how it started but there was a boom so I don’t know if it exploded. Waiting to see if it will be on the news later! I feel so bad for whoever’s car that is

Not much damage to the garage, the area where the fire was had been conned off as of a few hours ago, it's noticeable but doesn't look like it did any real damage

Angela Bassett among ODU commencement speakers

Oh that's cool as hell.

Update on the professor

I'm curious on what is going to happen to the assistant professor because the email used the words "administrative leave". By that definition, the professor could easily come back anytime without any of us noticing.

Cigarette Chicken at Webb Again I think someone that works in the Webb Chick-fil-A on Tuesdays smokes in the kitchen because I got Chick-fil-A again today and the chicken smells like smoke. Im not eating it this time. I can't afford to miss more classes because of food poisoning. Who can I complain to because that's money down the drain for me and I cannot afford to be wasting food or money like this. For now, I'd avoid the Webb Chick-fil-A on Tuesdays.

[EDIT] Mystery solved! No one is smoking, they just change the grease/oil out on Tuesdays so it was the flavor of the old grease bleeding into the chicken.

Lol this was over 15 years ago, but I got dinner from the Webb cafeteria and my coleslaw reeked of straight weed. It was in a togo box I carried back to my room. I threw it out

I guess you could start with complaining through Grubhub and then you could try to find who is in charge of Aramark at ODU.

I just edited the post to include this, but I spoke to the workers and got new nuggets. Apparently Tuesdays are when they change the oil, so it just tasted/smelt burnt

Changed oil shouldn't smell like cigarettes.

Quick!

And you don't have the textbook yet, either!

Then you sit there looking dumbfounded cause they didn't tell you what the textbooks were before the first day.

You still buy textbooks? lol

We've all been there

ChatGPT > Cleverspinner > Quillbot > revise AI Detected work  until 0% AI detection > Submit. Done within one hour.

I wish I was a mod here... quit spamming random  outdated memes. Smh

People like you are the reason that the value of our degrees are plummeting

It's nice to have a little activity tbh

It just gets me that I see them somewhere else like... hours before, and somehow, OP manages to post them at 60% degraded resolution.

Nah we actually like them

The only person to blame for the reason the degree you worked hard to earn is losing value is you. As long as the University received their tuition and you received your diploma to complete your goal of higher learning and/or landing lucrative job why does it matter?

The widespread use of ChatGPT is the reason why people graduating with degrees from now on are absolutely useless. The machine is doing the learning, not the students. That fact in ITSELF lowers the value of any degree earned- it’s turned higher education into a joke because these students with degrees can’t think critically or write/communicate effectively.

That’s entirely based on the individual. What you’re implying is that a person who uses ChatGPT automatically falls into that demographic, right? ChatGPT is simply a tool that requires user input. A person can use ChatGPT and still be proficient in critical thinking, communication, reading, and writing on their own. I could make a similar generalization about someone fresh out of college entering the workforce someone who is book smart but lacks work ethic, soft skills, and the experience needed to perform the job effectively because they rely solely on their academic knowledge without any real-life experience.

This is coming from my experience working with other students who are currently in school for undergraduate degrees. Students who use ChatGPT in lieu of doing the assignment themselves do not act like the person you are describing above, which is exactly what the post is referring to. 

I completely agree with your generalization that a student who is only “book smart” and lacks work ethic/soft skills/experience/common sense will not be able to get by on academic knowledge alone.

What was your favourite class?

It’s the best and worst decision ever. I’m a CS senior and now that I’m almost done I see my job prospects and salaries are about to be real nice. But the road getting here was so painful

I didn’t even like math and science in HS, I just wanted money.

Mechanical here. Graduated last summer. 

My favorite class was probably thermodynamics with Dr. Chaturvedi. It was rough, but the most interesting to me. 

My second favorite was CAD Mechanical Systems and Design. We modeled the bridge that sits in the hallway in Kaufman using Patran/Nastran and compared our deflection and stress measurements with the model for our final project.

In the ECE department, I’d say my favorite class was Computer Engineering Design because of how much freedom we had to do our implementations. It was super hard and the class needed more structure, but I enjoyed it based on the teammate I worked with.

For what it's worth, I majored in criminal justice and work at a bank now, I hate math.

Design 1 with Prabakaran. Papa P is a fantastic Professor. Next faves were Thermo 2 with Ashish and Fluids with Venkat.

Going to any job for money will make you extremely miserable and drop it. Ask me how I know

If you don’t mind me asking what do you do at the bank? What was it that helped you land the job at the bank with a cj major? Just wondering as a senior looking for jobs when I graduate

Because you’re in a marketing class?

I'm in Anti Money Laundering, I'm a proficiency coach. I basically just help people get better at their job.

long dam possessive wise frighten plough toy compare somber deliver

 *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev/home)*

The only real reason I know this is because well intro into marketing

Birbs in Brod~ Brod's getting pretty wild riggt now. People dressed up as Big Bird and birdwatchers today to protest. (More can be found on yik yak.)

I worked at brod a few years back. At the time the word was that it was only about half staffed, however sanitation was fine (and no birds). I'll add this was all pre-covid.

I gotta wonder who is really responsible here. Is it ODU's or Aramark's (the company that staffs brod) responsibility to ensure the facility is pest free?

merciful cooperative ten mindless consider cheerful juggle gold apparatus include

 *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev)*

somber frame attempt nail connect ask follow insurance political hospital

 *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev)*

[deleted]

Was just about to comment on this LMAO. Stupid ahh school

Recently, Brod (Broderick Dining Commons) has been getting lots of reports of food poisoning, and has been going through some health code violations. And lately, people have been seeing actual birds IN Brod everywhere from bowls in the kitchen, to the ceiling rafters to the soda machine, as you can see from the picture. So, yesterday, some people came dressed up as Big Bird, big yellow bird from Sesame Street, and birdwatchers, binoculars and all as a form of friendly protest. Thanks to that, parents were informed and the problem became more out there and some people have actually called the health department. Now, we're just waiting and hoping for results. There's more about this on yik yak, another app but unfortunately only available to iOS users now, where you can get an "in-depth" sense of what's going on.

It has its downfalls but I've seen plenty of schools on my 4 year break away from ODU it's NOT as bad as you think it is here

Odu Perry Library Whoever left study room 2014 like this is so nasty !! Do better

Kids who’s parents never rode their ass about cleaning up after themselves, smdh

No home training...seems about right

ODU has begun to remove trash cans from classrooms because there is not enough custodial staff to keep up. So now classrooms and study rooms may not be cleaned as regularly. Knowing that students like this that just leave trash thinking someone else will take care of it are just passing it off to other students.

PSA: do not live in university villages I don’t know if I’m just incredibly unlucky, but I felt like I need to make this so others don’t have to go through the same thing I’ve gone through. University villages is a genuine hellhole. Since moving in, not a single appliance except the microwave and fridge has gone without breaking. The sink leaks creating a pool at my feet whenever I brush my teeth, the ceiling fan doesn’t work and clicks and wobbles when it does, Ethernet ports aren’t even connected to anything, etc. 

Sometimes the vents spew a disgusting smell that smells like acetone. My girlfriend usually smells it in the hallways when she comes in becuase I’m nose blind to it. Once, I was the unlucky bastard that had the smell come into his room but it was so thick I was genuinely scared for my health. I called my RA more than 15 times, no answer. I called maintenance over 15 times, no answer. I was so worried I called a non emergency police line and when the cop came, guess who finally answered. (They put the wrong number for the RA, I don’t blame them. I blame maintenance) 

What made me write this is that in the middle of me cooking dinner my STOVE randomly stopped working. My stove, which has been repaired at least twice this school year by maintenance, stopped working AGAIN. 

I’m so defeated. Luckily I just air fried my dinner and it tastes ok, but woudl taste much better if I was able to actually cook it. I’m so done with nothing working and everything breaking. Please don’t waste your money on this place, they clearly cut corners everywhere they could. I shouldn’t have to call maintenance every week, nor should I have to deal with everything breaking.

Most university housing is pretty shitty. They prey on captive market and the convenience of being able to bill directly to your tuition / student loan balances.

Damn you pay nearly double what I pay here in Powhatan and the only trouble I have is the bathroom being wet all over after a shower. My RA made a groupme if we needed him and maintenance is super quick here.

[deleted]

Lol yall kids are lucky, I visited for nostalgia but come leaving gifts.  When I was there the police were there so often you didn't need to call them.  You could ask them who to reach out to.

Must be nice

Yeah I heard horror stories about the next and didn’t want to go, not knowing villages wouldn’t be any different. I really wish everyone could go on strike or something lol. The housing department isn’t going to care about its residents until something like that happens. I’m already looking at renting next year and am literally counting the days. Good luck on your better housing adventure too!

August 15 reopening rescheduled to August 29 + Updated Fall 2020 schedule

At this point I'll be surprised if they don't end up just moving the whole semester online

sigh.

Ya, that’s why I cancelled moving into my house

I personally think they will.

Dorms are closing

No other place to go would be defined by special cases like foreign exchange students whom which home country may be part of the current travel ban that's out in place. If you have another place to go, even if your family lives on the other side of the country you have to understand you are not in a situation nearly as detrimental as some of the other students. Be real here.

Do you have no other place to go?

Are they getting a refund ?

Yes.

Upsatairs neighbor activities

I lived in 2nd floor Rogers Hall….they would pour water on the carpets, sprinkle detergent on the carpet and slide down the hall wearing nothing but black trash bags…..Summer Olympics

Menace to society

my friend busted his ass on a longboard in the hallway 3rd floor 8 years ago glad ppl still get up to stupid shit at rogers

Hey i know that guy

This was back in the 80’s….it’s a time honored tradition

Community unites to offer free services, counseling to ODU after tragedy

Backing into parking spots If you can't back into a parking spot on the first try, don't try to learn how with a line of cars behind you. I get it, Daddy's Mercedes was very expensive, but you can park at the top of the garage and use those chevrolegs to get down some stairs.

I have the opposite problem. I only ever learned how to back in. Now that my car is registered in fl, i have to pull in so that the plate is visible. As you might guess, im not very good at it

Omg especially if they back in with a whole line  of cars behind them! Like you know traffic was bad and we are all running late- GTFO of the way!

Thank you, almost every day I'm stuck behind multiple people when I'm just trying to get to the top of the garage (easiest to park). I don't get why people default to squeezing in the tiniest spaces when it's so much easier to just go up a level 🫠

yeah it's so annoying when someone holds up the whole lane trying to back in perfectly. the reason odu doesn't want you to back in though is because they use cameras to scan license plates for the parking permits. since most cars in virginia only have a plate on the back if you're backed in their little car can't see it when they drive by to scan everyone. it's all about making it easier for them to hand out tickets lol. honestly sometimes it's easier to just find a cheap driveway to park in around norfolk on prked than deal with the campus garages.

Go to the top of the garage, also, a backup camera is like $60 my dude

The law in Virginia is a plate on the front and back? I don’t see how must cars in VA would only have a back plate.

?  I have no problem backing in. My problem is, i only have a plate in the back. My problem is, i never learned how to pull in because it was the worse method. 16 year old me did not know that 20 year old me would jave their parking pass on the plate, but now have a car registered in fl

Watch out for ASDF/Autism Spectrum Disorder Foundation scammers on campus They were at a table in front of Webb today, don’t know if they’ll be back. I advise everyone to just say ‘no’ to them, they’ll just try and slick talk you into giving them money. The ‘salesmen’ try to compliment you and tell you like a dad joke or something. Luckily I got away by telling them I was running late, but yeah avoid these fuckers.

yeah they're outside the webb today too. usually I can block that kind of stuff out by just turning up my headphones more but the guy actually approached me lol

Also on the thing "more kids have autism than cancer and hiv" I'd like to keep it that way????

I filed a police report earlier because they took identifying info from my friend , if you have any more info please email police@ofu.edu

Hey I ran into them 2 days ago at the same place. I didn't give them money or anything but what makes you say they are scammers? (Honest question)

i need to comment on this bc yall are posting information that is trashing an organization that has had a huge effect on me and my family. They have helped us at Christmas time, they give out ipads, so lets not force an organization to close due to something we heard from an article that's over ten years old

https://revealnews.org/article/charity-investigator-autism-spectrum-disorder-foundation/#:~:text=The%20charity%20has%20gotten%20low,not%20disclose%20information%20when%20requested.

attention all perry library users **face coverings are required in all perry libary spaces**

**The nose and mouth must be fully covered**

**thank you for your cooperation**

At least they're not banning food and water again

yes I'm bored at the library and I know this by heart...

I work for ODU libraries (not Perry, one of the branch libraries) and yes you can have food in the libraries again. All we ask is that you all not have it down when you're not eating.  
That and not around the electronics.

1) wait I can bring food in here?

2) I would die without my water bottle here.

And please wash your hands after eating. The keyboards at the testing center are always disgusting.

Yes they'll come yell at you if you are just sitting there next to your food not eating with your mask off, but if you're eating quickly or just taking it off between bites they will let you this semester

Even before covid it was iffy having food that wasn't Einsteins bagels

someone cut 2 bike locks at powhatan...

Welcome to ODU. Your bike is public property now.

If you don’t use a U lock your bike has a very high chance to be stolen.

oh fun fact, this happened LITERALLY behind the security office.

In conclusion glad I didn't buy a bike

i had heard that this happened on campus, never saw or experienced it though. i used to ride my bike everyday to class. $900 specialized road bike and it was never messed with.

That’s why I got a hard bike lock and not one that’s rubber and can be cut

That's why there are signs that say "U lock or U lose"

I got mine stolen day 3 this year whoop whoop

I had a bike stolen there as well.

Kryptonite hard lock is the best.

u lock or u lose

depending on the type, those can be easier to break than rubber. So I hope yours isnt cheap lol

A quick time lapse of some of the inclement weather on Monday

Does anyone else enjoys how lightning looks in this part of the U.S.?

Does it look different elsewhere?

Who moderates this sub and can we get this thing rolling?

If we had a sub to enjoy going to ODU and get some people sharing what they are up to that'd be awesome. JDrough and I are going to post here throughout the next couple weeks to try to get some more people on here.

Yeah this subs been dead for a minute. I’ll help y’all with getting more people on here

Rip yik yak

Hardcore parkour ?

I've looked through the mods profiles and activity. They are either inactive accounts or they spending loads of time participating in other subs but not the ODU sub.

You can see the mods on the right side of the home subreddit page on desktop.

Awesome man! What kind of content do you think people should share on here?

I’d say just about anything: Sports, parties, events, skating, meetups etc. 

This sub could be a huge social tool for campus but none of my friends even use reddit

I know r/rit has a very active group. Good place to use as reference for content ideas.

I agree completely. I think it could definently be a big social tool. Many people I talk to didn't even know ODU had a sub or anything. So spreading the word could help too.

I designed and 3D printed a scale model of Foreman Field

I did this a few years ago for a class in high school. We had access to a 3D printer and could print almost anything that we could model on the computer. I spent a few weeks modeling Foreman Field and after it printed I painted it and mounted it on a foam board with an overhead view from Google Earth.

Good. Now make it bigger with more seats.

Looks awesome! I wish odu had 3D printers available. They're hidden away somewhere.

god damn thats fucking awesome

https://www.change.org/p/demand-the-removal-of-old-dominion-s-president-brian-hemphill?recruiter=1408063103&recruited_by_id=9edb9a60-26ee-11f1-b8a1-4f6341599145&share_id=6LV2HkhSHt There’s a petition going around demanding the removal of ODU’s president Brian Hemphill. If anyone is interested in participating here is the link

i wish the post would make and actual argument and not just a “sign this.” talk about the faculty senate “no confidence” vote, how the board of visitors decided to basically ignore that vote, and how the 8 week online classes has been thrust on faculty and they have to adjust their courses by the fall.

As an alum, these decisions by Hemphill are very disappointing. I hope collegial governance and accountability reign

Link to the petition: https://c.org/4sC8VzhB6J

Removing hemphill won't change a thing. He's a nice guy and is reasonable, don't put him out of a job for the actions of the board of visitors. Maybe we need a petition to remove them instead.

The link doesn’t work in that format

Signed

Can you paste the link in the comments?

Why? What did he do?

I'm also waiting for any resources to help faculty to make this switch. So far I've just been told to not get in the way of it happening.

Clearly, you haven't been in meetings where he full-throated yells at the faculty. Also, for what it is worth, the Governor just added 6 members to the board of visitors, shifting the balance. She could do more, but that is the action she has taken so far.

The main issue has been the unilateral decision to turn all online classes into 8 week sessions. This lowers the quality of the graduate as the pacing leads to poor study habits that don't allow retention of information as well as increases the amount of people who fail classes and then have to take them again. The pacing also affects professors who then have to teach and grade at twice the rate they already were. This comes across like a scam to make more money for the university - both from the aspect of making more money from repeat courses as well as professors having to teach twice as much and likely for the same pay. The professors and the faculty board (not sure the exact terminology for who/how they decide things) overwhelmingly voiced their opposition to the switch and the president decided to do it anyway. They then had a no confidence vote for Hemphill over it.

Mandated changes to online course structure (8 week for all online courses, regardless of best pedagogical practices), mandated changes to canvas usage, made deal with Google without disclosing details, doubled the size of the administration while shrinking the faculty, increased the acceptance rate to nearly 100% straining class resources and worsening the educational product for most students, mandated non-thesis masters programs with no admissions requirements (accept the check clearing) without funding development or instruction, forced integration of technologies into the classroom without pedagogical understanding or justification, and did all of this without consulting the faculty senate, which by ODU charter must be included in all decisions that affect instruction and curriculum.

... so not much. Unless you don't want your degree to come from a diploma mill.

The only inaccuracy is teaching twice as much. Whether it’s 8w or 16w it’s still 1 course. They have a set number of courses to teach. That isn’t changing. It’s just squished.

It's not just online classes. It is ALL ODU classes

What ODU campus building is this? I took these pictures of my infant son (now a college freshman?!?) when I was a senior at ODU in the spring of 2008. Can any current students figure out what campus building we're in? His mom had to work so he rolled with me for a couple classes. I was an interdisciplinary studies major if that helps. Thanks in advance.

I will guess that's the ground floor of BAL

Just also confirming with everyone else, this is definitely in BAL 1st floor. Likely in the early phases of the remodel they did in there around that time

Yeah, it is

Virtual Meeting on 8 week online Is anybody else in this meeting because he is just seriously trying to act like the accelerated classes will not be rushed and not one size fits all. It is ridiculous that he is trying act like this will work for everyone.

[deleted]

Meeting was a waste of breath for students. Feels like they’ve made their decision without the people actually taking the classes in mind. Hence why it’s such a sudden shift.

Yes. I was also there and I totally agree. They don't give a damn about diverse learning needs. Money is the bottom line. There is no way that they will effectively and consciously convert and tailor every single program to an effective format in this timeframe. Even if they started in 2021 like he tried to imply at the end.

I’ve already applied elsewhere for next fall. I have 0 interest in his bullshit

I also put in the Q&A section about how he is bringing up statistics of how well the eight week courses are doing right now but these are people who chose that course they chose that speed they weren't forced into it and I got no response I got no response to 2 of my questions that I put in there and I know they saw them because they responded to other people after I posted them because they would not allow the chat function on zoom

I guess he has never worked while in school. I chose to go to school while working full time so I could get my company to pay for classes. This wont work for everyone at all.

I think everyone is invited to it. There are two of them, I think. And another two in person.

How does this not affect FAFSA if you’re only allotted a certain amount per semester but then you’re taking double the classes (per their “hope” to get done faster) ? Am I missing something

Is there any recording of this meeting? I just learned about this today, went on a whole email spree, so I missed the one from yesterday

[deleted]

Can someone explain what happened? Is every course 8 weeks now????

yes I agree with you that he's a horrible president because like he was cutting people off and not even listening to any of the feedback he was given. one of the people in the meeting literally said that they came from an online school that only had eight week classes and they left and came to ODU because of the fact that it didn't work for them and now ODU is doing this BS. I said in the meeting how it seems like he only cares about the on campus students and the possible "future students". That he doesn't care about us online students and how our schedules work.

The people teaching the class weren't consulted either

It’s a mess trying to create and manage the course schedule already; no one needs 8-week classes complicating it further. No one likes it except the ones worried about making money

Faculty here. It’s true that there has been a push during his tenure to create more 8-week courses, as well as programs that would consist of entirely accelerated course offerings. I developed one this past year, and our department has 10 courses that are taught in both 8- and 16-week formats. However, it was only decided this summer that every course would move to this format for next fall. So to suggest we’ve been “working on this” for four years would be a significant misrepresentation of reality, even for a department that HAS been working on this. This is to say nothing of the departments who have done no development in this area.

2021?

Wait jk I think I get it… same *number* of classes, less time. Nvm lol. I am an idiot my b carry on

I would do your own research before you start hating… if you have the option or ability, just go somewhere else. They’re not budging so don’t support, don’t stay :/

All online courses will be asynchronous and accelerated into 8 weeks. Each “semester” (fall, spring, summer) will have two 8-week sessions.

He said that he planned to implement these changes from the beginning when he first arrived at the university and that he has been taking steps to make this happen since then.

That’s insane

This is patently untrue. The first anyone in the university leadership council heard ANYTHING about this plan was when it was *told (not asked, consulted, brought in for discussion, but told) about it in July/August 2025, and were specifically told not to say anything about it because the president and provost would be meeting with chairs and faculty to inform them.

Is it dangerous on ODU’s campus? My kid is a senior in high school. We’re doing a last minute scramble for colleges right now. She has a lot of acceptances, but financial aid packages aren’t quite what we were expecting. ODU seems to check a lot of boxes of what she is looking for, although it’s not a school that we’re really familiar with. As soon as I mentioned the school, she went onto TikTok. (I guess that’s your generation’s research tool.) She’s now leery about the school because people were talking about gunshots. Is campus safe? Give me the pros and cons of going to school there.

Main campus is generally safe she be fine just don’t walk around at night alone. You will sometimes hear gunshots near campus but its never random its always people having personal disputes. I never felt unsafe on campus I been here 7 years im in grad school now.

It’s a city atmosphere so it’s smart to walk with friends at night. But we are locals (live in Va beach) and our Daughter is a Senior who has lived in an apartment all four years right next to campus. She’s had a great experience and no issues whatsoever.

It’s fine as long as you make good choices. Don’t be wandering off campus in the middle of the night, y’know?

It has improved as the campus has expanded. I went to school there in the late 90s and early 2000s and am a local. The suggestions of the other posters is accurate though. Be aware of your surroundings and don't be walking late at night off campus alone. It's not the boogeyman people make it out to be though.

I, a thin white-passing girl, use to walk around the campus at 1am all the time when I went there. There are student security guards who's job it is to roam the campus and keep an eye out for suspicious activity. If you were anxious about walking alone at night, you could actually request an escort, and the student security would send someone to walk you to your dorm. Idk if they still have it but they also had a shuttle service you could request to drive you to certain parts of the campus at night too. I always felt safe despite people warning me other wise. Not saying there is zero crime but I feel like some people over play the amount of crime that happens on campus.

What I’m about to say can all be taken with a grain of salt. I’m a commuter student so I drive everyday to get to classes and then stay for the entire day until I decide it’s time to head back home across the HRBT. 

TL;DR: I have no safety complaints for ODU campus, in regards of safety it’s absolutely fine. However, I can’t say the same for Norfolk.



Pros
-Good tuition prices (compared to our sister schools in the area) we have fairly low credit hour pricing and our resident halls I would like to say are on the lower end.

-Vibrant campus community, if there’s something of interest there’s surely someone/some group who shares an interest.

-Diverse community, we have hundreds of people from different walks of life here, I’m sure your daughter would fit in.

-Safety, the main campus area is safe in all intensive purposes, we have our proper police department, cameras and surveillance equipment everywhere to keep an eye out, well lit areas at night for visibility, and we have accreditations for our police department. I assume your daughter is smart enough to be aware of where she’s going and all.

Cons 
-The city of Norfolk itself. While campus is fine and all and there’s no complaints about safety apart from the occasional alert and what now, the city itself isn’t known to be the best in safety, it obviously has its areas you want to avoid but I know your daughter is smart enough, so long as she stays in populated areas and around campus I’m sure she’ll be just fine.

-Parking, I have my own complaints about parking and it could definitely get some improvements, there aren’t many areas to park for commuters, faculty, and residents. 

-Traffic, the traffic on Hampton Blvd will 100% get noisy, congested, and horrendous at times of the day, so whether she decides to commute or reside on campus that could be a consideration.

-Staff, I recommend using rate my profesor for this one but there are going to be a handful of garbage tier professors that will suck but by using RMP you can easily avoid them and it will make life easier.

I apologize if I may have sound crude or blunt in the test above, but if you would like to know more I HIGHLY encourage you to ask around more and get more opinions and information from other students, especially from those who live on and around the campus.

Best of luck to you and your daughter! Go Monarchs!

I think a lot of ODU's reputation for being dangerous or ghetto comes from racism/classism tbh. It's definitely a PWI but it's a lot more diverse and accessible than say tech or UVA. It's also more of a "weed" campus than an "alcohol" campus (I mean, weed is still illegal here but that doesn't stop anyone who wants to partake) if that makes sense. I don't think that makes it unsafe, but it does give it a reputation for being trashier because alcohol in college is more socially acceptable. I've never had any issues with safety (they exist, but just personally Ive been fine). ODU PD, the WGEC, and Housing and Residence life are pretty proactive about safety and clery act reporting and Title IX compliance, and there's tons of programs like Safe Ride and safety escorts. If you go looking for trouble you can find it, but it's generally a lovely campus. 

Other factors- 

Affordability is great; I get tons of scholarships through the school (I mean, I get good grades and demonstrate financial need, but they exist if you put the work in to earn them). 

Housing- No communal baths in any of the dorms, which is nice. And there's only single and double rooms- no triples anymore. Some of the Halls are great- some are less great. But honestly, as far as dorm rooms go, they're all livable. Housing is only guaranteed to freshman though so keep that in mind. 

Faculty- I've had great experiences, but it really does vary by department. We don't have a whole lot of illustrious world-renowned professors, but I tend to prefer a professor who actually likes to teach and interact with students in addition to research and publishing so I don't think it's a bad thing necessarily 

Misc:

• Food is decent but not much variety and not tons of healthy options. Food is contracted out through a company called Aramark and it can be hit or miss. 

• I find health services to be a bit lacking; It's fine if you need a strep test, but it couldnt substitute a primary care physician (not that it needs to- just something to consider). There's no pharmacy on campus and the CVS near campus is kind of a headache to deal with. Counseling services are pretty good though and there's no limit to the number of appointments per semester. There's also free personal training and a campus dietician. 

• Parking is a nightmare. ODU used to be a commuter school, and then they built dorms where parking lots used to be and now there's no parking. And most of the things to do off-campus in Norfolk (zoo, downtown, and waterfront, that kinda thing) are not walkable or easily accessed through public transportation

I’m doing my post grad work here. My undergraduate was in Maine it was one of the least safe campuses in the country. This campus is safer. If it’s safer than Maine it’s safe.

I was there for 7 years, undergrad + grad school + my first adjunct position and I never felt unsafe but I was also used to the area. Campus is generally quite safe. She should take reasonable precautions at night like don’t go walking off campus alone. The police department is right there on Monarch Way and were always quick & responsive.

ODU’s campus is like a bubble of safety/cleanliness that exists smack dab in the middle of the ghetto. 

Whenever a violent crime happens on campus they send out a mass notification through school email. In the two years I was there I only received two notifications, one was a mugging, one was a sexual assault, both occurred at 2am while the victim was walking alone. 

In terms of campus life and the educational experience, it’s a good university. There is a higher percentage of women than men at the university and they all seem to be thriving and having fun, making connections, joining groups and things like that. It really is a standard university and college experience, it just suffers from its location a bit. 

The last criticism I have is that it’s kind of located in a food desert. If your daughter doesn’t have a car to travel to different restaurants or to a grocery store, she’ll have no choice but to eat the same 5 or 6 fast food options that are available on campus everyday, for every meal (Chick-Fil-A, Qdoba, Subway, Panda Express, a burger place, and a pizza place. I was a commuter so this wasn’t a problem for me, but I often wondered how the residential students managed to get even a semi healthy diet.

Hey I went to Tech and I would have sworn to you it was safe- who would have thought 32 people would be shot and killed there? If she doesn’t think she’ll feel safe then don’t make her go there. Wherever she ends up going teach here ways to stay safe: travel in groups at night, don’t overuse alcohol or any other mind altering substance because you are more likely to be a victim of violence, robbery, sexual assault and accidental injury.

The numbered streets is generally where the bad things happen. Campus is safe

Honestly I've been attending here and I haven't felt unsafe however it gets crazy at night. Some people have gotten robbed. So please tell her to not walk alone at night. The only thing I don't like is the lack of security. ODU is a public campus so anyone can walk on school grounds. People even bring their kids here to have them walk around for a bit

It’s totally safe around campus.

i walked around campus at night as a woman so many times. i went to frats, bars, house parties, all of it. never felt genuinely unsafe. there is somewhat of a catcalling problem around the area and i would say as a woman just keep aware of your surroundings. it gets a bad reputation but just use common sense and you should be fine.

Inattentive staff (not referring to professors…they’re the same everywhere)
I felt the entire school set up from the beginning was unprofessional…dorms,etc., were a sh**show and we have a bunch of kids who attended colleges in several states 
I felt the entire area was unsafe and couldn’t stand the “open campus” (referring to vehicles and people outside the college having access to the campus)

Barring sharing too much… we all have PTSD

No. Stop listening to what you read online and actually visit the campus.

Everybody thinks VT and UVA or safe campuses and look what happened there....

Honestly I only know of one person who got assaulted and it was feral middle schoolers throwing rocks at them so like... I'd be more scared of children than guns.

My wife and I both graduated ODU in the 80’s and it was much scarier then but never a problem. Things are worse now with guns, etc. but ODU has really changed into a nice Camus since the 80’s is a little less costly than most. I think it’s safe. My daughters went to VT because we worried about safety. It was expensive and no financial help. About $100k each counting room/board for their 4 year degree before grad school. Education costs are crazy! But should come down as college enrollment drops drastically. Best wishes!

Some are mentioning traffic. This depends on time of day and if you mean getting to ODU from the other side of the HRBT or if you mean within Norfolk. Hampton Blvd sucks due to the large semi trucks but this traffic doesn’t compare to NOVA/DC kind of traffic.

Violence and criminal activity is literally everywhere … each city / county has their ghetto’s and suburban areas… yes i hear gunshots sometimes but ODU police, security guards and norfolk police is just down the street from odu … Im sure your daughter will be fine , only reason she could ever get caught up with that stuff if she’s a “party girl” … like i said crime is everywhere… I’m sure any other college she chooses will be crime too , if your scared bc of that then i would suggest odu global or community college.

I really wish the university would take over that entire neighborhood. It is such an eyesore. The residents there live like animals.

Son is currently in his third year there.  Residential student.  I had exactly the same concerns you are mentioning and, looking back on it, totally overblown.  The campus itself is very safe.  Has its own police department.  Can you get into trouble in a city where city stuff happens, sure.  If your kid isn’t looking for trouble she won’t find trouble.

Now let me give you some of the positives:  Love the athletics - D1 Football, Basketball, etc.  Tons of food and living options.  Variety of academic programs.  Very diverse — will meet people from many different background.  We are big ODU supporters.

I have seen a person get shot infront of my house on Killam Street. 
My younger brother has started going there and immediately said it was ghetto and just dirty.
I can attest that the place is just dirty, cheap, and ghetto. 
There are security guards at night I have seen them multiple nights its multiple areas .
There are also Norfolk locals who might try to run a navy federal scam on her😂
ODU PD won’t be much help since they don’t seem to be competent in anything other than setting up students to get DUI’s.
I genuinely wouldn’t recommend this school. 
Only reason I went is because I don’t get any financial aid and I pay out pocket so I wanted to commute from VB.
The school doesn’t have an academic atmosphere you would look for in an University/College.

Completely regret ever sending my daughter to ODU for a million reasons

There can be danger anywhere lol

Stay away from Killam Ave, a van followed me for atleast 15 mins till I found a group of people and it sped off

I’m a freshman and a Nursing major, overall I think ODU is great school. From what I’ve experienced and seen since fall semester is how diverse the school is and how friendly people can be. For the safety of it, like everyone else is saying just be careful at night. Of course we’re in the city and this is an open campus there are some concerns for your child but there’s not much that goes on. I have a night class that doesn’t end till 10 pm and I don’t suspect any danger on the walk back to my dorm. Just as long as your child is aware of her surroundings she’ll be fine. Hope I could help!

Yeah and don’t meander down past International Terminal Blvd… that’s Navy territory

After tonight’s tragic event. Definitely not.

Campus is safe. The areas on the north side of campus and west side are safe. Its the areas off campus on the south side and the east side that get a little sketchy. But I never had any issues and I was all over that campus at all hours of the night and never had any issues.

Great neighborhood on one side Larchmont, but the other direction off campus Park Place area is a bad area. There is a lot of gun play and drug dealing. I hear gun shots almost every night. It’s a shame really b/c I live in Norfolk, it does have some great neighborhoods.

ODU has great programs and is safe when the sun is up. The fact that multiple posts point to young women not walking at night, speaks volumes about how our urban society is failing overall.

there’s generally some case of shooting or armed robbery off campus once per year. sometimes this happens on campus as well. last semester there was an armed robbery in the quad dorm and a month after that there was a guy walking around with a gun. id say it’s safe if you do not go anywhere alone as a woman at night, especially off campus. the one time i went off campus at night alone i was followed 😭

if you want somewhere that’s known for being safe odu is not the place. students are desensitized to all the nonsense that has happened over the years lol

ODU’s campus is not the safest in comparison to say JMU/UVA/VATECH, but about on par with VCU. Hope that helps.

Thank you!

As someone who’s graduated last may & has been there since Aug. of 2018, I agree, never felt unsafe on campus at all.

Thank you!

This is exactly what I was looking for. Thank you!

This is extremely helpful. Thank you.

residential student here: we simply do not get a good diet LMAO

This is literally from a search today. It’s a school that wasn’t on our radar at all until today. I also suspect that she’s finding reasons to dislike schools that aren’t her dream school simply because she desperately wants to go there, even though the money might not work out. As parents, we’re trying to help her find alternatives.

Feral? lol

"My daughters went to VT because we worried about safety. "

[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Virginia\_Tech\_shooting](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Virginia_Tech_shooting)

The irony.

Can you explain those reasons? I know nothing about ODU other than my 24 hour internet research.

This. Others comparing safety at Tech and UVA but ODU just had a shooting on campus (whether it was students or not, a dispute or random), a shooting still happened and people died on campus.

its safest for women especially not to go to frat parties. Most major incidents I can think have happened of campus at one of them.

Agreed on all points I was a commuter living in vb and then my senior year I moved to norfolk (off campus about a 7min drive away) I took night classes walked around at 10-11pm on campus and to the parking areas and never felt unsafe. I had friends that lived on campus (just across the street) that I would frequently visit as well, and it was never a fear for my safety. The weed, though omlllll they smoke up the apartments across the street. 

However, I worked downtown sometimes getting off at 12-1am - I would not walk around alone at night. Even the neighborhood I moved to If i did not need to be outside, im not really outside. I never had a problem walking home alone from a bar or something around the block, but I wouldn't recommend someone unfamiliar to the area to do so. There were gunshots near my apartment a couple of times, which wasn't great. Downtown was a decent amount of homeless or drunk people hanging around or in front of the norva (concert venue) after shows. I chalk that up to the difference between students and locals the level of safety. 

In general, the area surrounding ODU I felt pretty safe in, and if she is to leave campus at night, be aware and make good choices. Norfolk is a lot of fun. I still preferred it over virginia beach when it came to going out. The campus has a good culture its really diverse, theres lots of places to meet people and form friendships off campus if she pleases, the proffesors generally are great and the counselors in my experience were very helpful in making sure I was on track or helping me navigate switching majors. The students are cool, and theres lots of club activities to participate in. Bonus price wise doesn't break the bank, especially if you're in state. 

I recommend it. I was a commuter & a local I made a ton of friends over the years and most ended up being through groups I found off campus, though the on campus clubs I joined & sat in helped me make a good smaller group of friends as well.

-Edit: I never had too much trouble finding places to park in a garage unless I chose to try to find one that was campus side. Parking on 43rd by the mcdonalds was usually my best bet, even during 8ams. Hampton blvd though during peak hours is aweful definitely leave early. Also, parking pass prices for commuters creeping up every year feels like a robbery. Make sure your pass is up to date parking tickets, I think, were $50 per violation. (I remember when they were $25 🥲)

What other schools is she considering?

I would say those aren’t unique to ODU itself tho

oof!!

[removed]

I don't know who you are but I want you to know I love the meme postings. I love to see the sub active

Lmao damn

I agree, meme away friend!

My exact reaction

Anyone 24/25, but not in grad school? This is my 4th year at ODU, and I often feel awkward because people assume I’m a grad student based on my age (going on 25 this fall semester) and I have not yet completed my psych degree because life was truly life-ing. Anyways, this isn’t for sympathy just trying to see if it’s anyone in the same boat?

I finished undergrad last year at 36. I’m 37 in grad school now. There are many students all of ages here, don’t feel awkward that’s silly!

I had a 57 year old in one of my freshman classes, he said "Knowledge has no age limit" and that hit hard

I was 25 in 2022 when I graduated from ODU, and it took me 5 years after high school to get my associate’s in 2019. You’re doing just fine!

I’m not now, but I graduated undergrad at 29, went to grad school 36-38 and I’m going back again at 44.. as you get older, the numbers matter less. You have more life experience to make help create connections and understandings with, and that is a valuable asset!

I used to be a tutor - the students were shocked that I was only a semester ahead of them in classes, not in grad school. I'm not THAT older than the typical student!

Im currently attending as an undergraduate and I’m 32. It feels awkward sometimes but most of the time I don’t really care.

Don’t worry bout it. I’m 26 and just getting to my final semester. Graduating in 4 years is a dream we get sold. Some people do it in 4, other people do it in 8. Sometimes people gotta come back after 15 years. As long as you finish and do good you’ll be fine

I graduated GMU at 24 & went back to grad school in my 40s

I’m 31 soo

I’m currently a 27 year old undergrad student at ODU! I graduate with my BS in Geography in December. 😁

I’m 27 and still working on that bachelors and have no real clue when I’ll finish.

I’m 35, I’m 9 credit hours in… 😂😂

24 and still haven’t finished my psych either. Youre not alone

Yep! Next year is my last, and I turn 25 in August. Congratulations for fucking doing it, man.

🙋🏼‍♀️🙋🏼‍♀️I’m 24 and won’t graduate till I’m just over 25. I’ve been in college since I was 18. I was homeschooled (very poorly) and it held me back.

i graduated undergrad at 27.

Still in school, gonna graduate at 24. Seems like a lot of people graduate late

I just graduated ODU this spring at 25 😭

Getting my second undergrad and will be 37 before I enter grad school.

I graduated from ODU at 27. Do not feel bad dogg. It’s life.

I'm 25 and graduating next may. I'll be 26. :)

I just finished my undergrad back in December and I’m 35. Don’t worry about it.

I’m 25 going into my senior year and will be graduating next summer when I’m 26. It took me four years to graduate from community college and a year at another university to finally get here. I’ve also felt a little awkward when friends I made at my previous university were surprised when they learned my age. However, they were more amazed at me being a 90’s baby than anything else. It was actually sweet thinking about it now.

label squalid office telephone elastic hungry alleged nail reply frame

 *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev)*

I’m not a grad student and I’m 30. Even had a professor ask me what I was doing in school at my age essentially.

I’ll be 24 in July and won’t graduate until May 2025, I took a break and got an associates during covid and all of my friends graduated this/last year it doesn’t help that I changed my major to accounting but it’s most definitely harder to socialize with my classmates, I genuinely don’t maintain relationships with classmates under 22 and it sucks I feel like I’m missing out on the networking/fun parts of college that I got use to in my freshman year.

I spent 6 years on my undergrad and just graduated at 24 - it took me a bit to come around to being honest about how long it took me, but realizing I was going to be happier long term made it the right decision. I say it's all about finishing on your time and terms, no one else's. ODU is a great community because we have such a large population of "non-traditional" students.

I was a 28 year old junior when I transferred and graduated at 30 still had fun made friends enjoyed the experience. Mainly caused I didn’t care much what others thought I was there with a goal in mind of getting an education and thats what I did

Yep. I’m 26, bout to be 27 and will graduate being 27. It’s ok to be late to the party, just as long as you show up

I'm an undergrad a few years older. Don't worry!

I graduated this past December when I was 25. Easily the oldest person in all my classes. 

Don't get hung up on it. Everyone has their own race to run. As long as you finish and have a plan on what to do post-graduation, that's all that matters.

In the same boat. I’ll be 36 going into grad school

33 here 🤷‍♂️

I also turn 25 in August

Same here expect I have public school burnout

You’re not the only one :)

Losin’ it Hey y’all. Just wanted to come on here and publicly say I am losing my damn mind with studying and everything else going on. How y’all doing? We’re almost to the finish line, but I’m not sure I’ll cross as a winner.

I'm a senior. I am failing classes and my GPA is in the bin 😃

Ele education major graduating in the spring here! Feeling like a fish out of water: i wanna enjoy my last few months of stressfree life but i can’t stop overthinking what the future has in store 🥹

Just sent in my last assignment for the semester. 1 more semester until I have my bachelors in computer science. Yeah I feel you, I’ve been slipping recently but it’s finally over (for a little while)

I’m about to graduate with a 3.7 GPA and have already been turned down by 6 entry level/Paid spring/summer internships. 😭

i am literally on the verge of possibly postponing graduation and my entire degree by a semester if i don’t get this .. cpr certification.. safe to say i am one more apology email away from jumping ☺️

We're all in the same boat! Older grad student here, with a fulltime job and a wife and two kids under 5 years old. The past month has been absolute hwll to say the least. I will probably be pulling an all-nighter tonight, up and work tomorrow, then another all-nighter to get these final assignments in before the cutoff.

Yes you will; you're  a Monarch 👑!

Lmao same here, currently expecting to pull an all nighter to get a paper done

Damn brotha 🫶🏻

Those places are silly for rejecting you. Don’t stop trying!

What major? Sorry about your luck!

Please don’t tell me a cpr cert is holding you back. You can get that for free a lot of places. I believe in you!

Economics and Finance minor. Worst case scenario my degree will make a great weed tray. Lol

lol definitely not free unfortunately, but yeah im going this saturday for the in person training portion and i hope my certification ships before dec 15th 😍

Any accounting? My wife and I are both ODU grads. I did MAE and she did accounting. I know her company is hiring and I am pretty sure they will pay for the CPA stuff.

Finance? Dude that’s an A tier major

Just keep trying. I remember applying to at least 10 jobs and many interviews and only getting 1 out of 20 job applications acceptance

Good luck!

I did mine a few months ago. They'll email you the certificate within 48 hours so you should be good!

From the interviews I’ve had it feels like a lot of places are looking for accountants. If I could redo everything I’d major in finance and minor in accounting.

I’m a senior accounting major! I hear great things about Chicago’s business opportunities

Yea that’s what I thought. Oh well. Just keep applying. Someone will eventually give me a job I hope.

thank you!! i am walking away from the ledge since i got my confirmation email with my certificate at lunch today, so safe to say I am now feeling invincible 😽

oh awesome!! so they email the certificate? and then i just send that pdf to oce?

Might sound weird but Chicago has a huge economics sector. If you're not against moving. One of my sisters (also an ODU grad) lives there and loves it.

I’m so happy for you!!!!! 👌🏽

If you did it through Red Cross, yea. Then you just email that to OCE. I think I had done mine on a Friday and by that Monday I had my certificate

Thank you!!! 🫶

oh slay yeah i did mine through the red cross website! ty this eased my anxieties 😩😩

Since “it may be the end of the line for ODU's maglev structure”, can you make the part over Hampton Blvd. a bridge/walkway for students as an alternate route for crossing the Blvd?

Hahaha the University spending money on something that just benefits students and doesn't make them more money in some way? Don't be ridiculous

That would be nice. They could keep the sign too

The April special election questions includes protection of the monorail. Hemphill is for keeping the portion over Hampton Blvd.

A pedestrian bridge would require federal money which are typically spent as “road improvements.” So part of the negotiations would require the removal of certain crosswalks and stop lights. Which is why it was ruled out in discussions.

If you want to improve the situation on Hampton Blvd I would recommend joining the Transportation Board in SGA. We negotiated with the city to get leading pedestrian intervals on the crosswalks and a study on no turn on red on a specifically dangerous intersection.

Might be helpful.

You should definitely not copy the desired article's DOI number and put it into "https://sci-hub.se/" so you can access the article for free. Definitely not.

I think my professor really likes the san antonio spurs but I'm not sure

ODU to migrate to Instructure Canvas LMS starting Summer 2022

Hopefully its less of a pain to deal with than blackboard tends to be.

I transferred here from TNCC and TNCC uses canvas, I found it easier than Blackboard

thank god.  Canvas is a far superior product

Seems like a good plan. I was using Blackboard there a few years ago and now using Canvas at another school. I like Canvas way better. It was easier to learn and much more user friendly.

https://odu.edu/its/news/2021/9/lms_migration

More info here

Dam I'm going to have so many flashbacks to highschool next year

Coming from canvas it was a pain trying to find everything on BB and the other sites instructors use. Canvas was so much simpler.

same

Yeah I hope the professors using other systems consolidate into canvas.   Logging into systems within systems is very tedious

ODU SAFETY TIMELY WARNING about Covid-19 outbreak in dorms As part of Old Dominion University’s commitment to transparency and the timely sharing of information, we want to make you aware that our COVID-19 testing has identified what could be the beginning of an uptick in positive results among symptomatic and asymptomatic students who live on campus. We have also identified an outbreak (defined by the Virginia Department of Health as five or more positive cases) of 14 people in the Whitehurst residence hall, which houses 389 students. Additionally, we are monitoring cases in other residence halls. 

this came out Thursday seem buried already ....

Saw on news a few nights ago about a small outbreak in ODU.

Oh how I missed getting these emails about robberies happening in my building...

Snowy ODU campus from above

It's nice that you can see they plowed the top floor of the parking lots by the Tedd and by the library.

Is that from today? It looks a lot better than it did yesterday.

[deleted]

Which is amazing, because they couldn't be bothered to plow any other street besides Hampton.

[Haha, from the ODU Facebook page](https://www.facebook.com/Old.Dominion.University)

In all fairness, they have many more streets to plow with very little equipment to do it.

Lion Fountain

It's toilet water season again!

Love me a good toilet water fountain

ODU is asking students to divulge their criminal histories following campus shooting

Maybe they should just google the students to see if they are felons with terrorism charges

I was a reprehensible criminal in GTA 4, does that count?

how is a dude on parole for terrorism charges being allowed to contact a guy who was given a slap on the wrist for illegal arms dealing reflective of any problems in the student body lmao. this blatant security theater is just insulting

I told them they needed to give me more information, and this is what they replied with. Quoted text

"Is the questionnaire required?
The questionnaire is not mandatory; however, all students are strongly encouraged to complete it as part of our shared commitment to maintaining a safe campus environment.

 

Are there consequences for not completing it?
There are no direct disciplinary consequences, account holds, or restrictions associated with choosing not to respond for currently enrolled students." 

Happy to email it to anybody having issues.

Im not filling that thing out. Im an online student and that survey will do precisely 0. Do they think a violent murderer is going to respond with their intent on the survey?

Gunman dead, 2 injured in Old Dominion University shooting

Opportunity to Share FFDTI Opinions ODU students, if you have strong opinions about the proposed changes of FFDTI and/or how it is being implemented at ODU, and you are willing to speak to reporters on-record about it, please contact me at [editor@maceandcrown.com](mailto:editor@maceandcrown.com)

Do you think if the school will retaliate against students talking to the press?

I think it’s the single dumbest choice they could ever make. It pushed me to transfer universities

That could be a possibility. What I will say is that I'm a student journalist who has been vocally critical of FFDTI, and I haven't suffered any major consequences. Still, it's a risk to be aware of. A potential possibility is that if you do talk, you could request that the journalist keep you anonymous. If you want to remain anonymous, but they don't agree to it, do NOT talk to them.

This post is meant to find sources for both Mace and Crown and WTKR. I cannot speak for WTKR, but the Mace will honor any and all requests to remain anonymous.

  
(edited to correct spelling mistake)

The faculty won't.

Retaliate how? The school wants your money and most of your professors probably also don’t like it. I don’t even know what they could do, let alone would.

turtle might be stuck there’s a turtle (alive) in the crate thing leading to the sewer in the pond that’s by the oceanography building. there’s barely any water flow and no visible way he can seem to get out, there’s also like no water, the carapace of his/her shell is above water and they appear very dry. i don’t believe they’re supposed to be in this area; it’s sunny and hot out, there is steam coming off the water, and since it’s so shallow they can’t swim. it’s slightly reactive, but not as much as it should be. should i go and get a professor in the oceanography building or am i just overreacting and the turtle is fine? i might use my cup to put some water over them to help cool them down. if it was just basking i don’t think they would have dried out this much

Thank you for rescuing the turtle 🐢, I bet it feels much better!

Thank you for rescuing the turtle!!! Ignore the hater

the shell is 100% dry, and its legs aren’t even half submerged by the water

Good deed done!

Reach in, pick it up and put it somewhere safe….

it’s taking sips of water and was able to shuffle to look directly at me, with some difficulty

is the sewer connected to the pond somewhere else, and that’s how the turtle got here?

good job!

This is this turtles home and he was sunbathing, I’m so sorry bae. Next time leave him be please, he probably really likes this little hideout. Sincerely, a super senior bio major.

haha thanks! i was actually never intending to go to that area. i was going to the city bus stop but i saw a worm on the sidewalk and wanted to relocate it to someplace that wasn’t as ant-infiltrated. ended up by the pond since the dirt is moist. started looking around and then noticed the turtle in the crate-sewer-thing. i waited for people’s response on what to do and kept him under my shadow, went to grab someone, while waiting for the knights in shining armor i was going back and forth with my thermos to pour water on him, which he ended up liking so much that he actually moved to get more water on him, which was cute! also found out from the turtlemen (super hero name for the two guys that saved the turtle) that apparently o.d.u. worked with some conservation group to rehome the turtles in the pond while construction is underway, but some of them evaded capture and are still living there!

thanks for responding; i got someone from the oceanography building and he was able to reach in and grab the turtle out. he also called someone in the biological department to help since he also wasn’t 100% sure what to do in this scenario. turtle is fine! i showered him in pond water which he enjoyed quite a bit before someone was able to get him out! i know it may have seemed dumb of me not to reach in, but i am not physically equipped to do that unfortunately (i’m a woman, boobs + short arms= shorter arms)

Seems like the logical answer right? Like dude, stop taking pics of the dried out turtle and do the little guy a solid and get him out of the oubliette already.

one of the people that helped the turtle was a biology major (he had some sort of school uniform on, i think for representing that major when people are touring the school), and he knows some of the turtles in the pond (even had a name for one of them, apparently it had a crack in its shell so he was keeping an eye out for it). it’s possible this is a hideout and, like i mentioned in my original post, the turtle might be fine. however, on this day it was uncharacteristically hot, and the water had started steaming (which one of the guys noticed too) and it was extremely shallow, which would make it difficult for the turtle to make it back through the sewer opening if that was how it got in in the first place. i don’t regret what i did, would 100% do it again if the conditions were plausibly unsafe for the turtle. part of the reason i got help in the first place was because i didn’t know if this was normal for them and they came through the sewer’s opening points, but no one said that this had been seen before. sincerely, an individual!

i understand i may have acted like an idiot, but my idiocy was out of concern of the possibility of me doing something wrong or accidentally hurting the turtle. have you considered the fact that i wasn’t able to reach him? and already considering reaching in to grab him, accidentally dropping him and damaging his shell? reasonably i would only be able to grab him with one arm, what if he squirmed and didn’t make it through the iron gate? don’t be a fucking dick

also, thank you for responding. i needed input on what to do and was afraid of doing the wrong thing in the end. a lot of people were viewing this post but barely anyone offered any insight, so thank you for being someone who cared in the end

Get a grip.

Who was/is your favorite professor and why? I always hear about professors people don’t like, but I never hear about professors people enjoyed. We need some positivity! 

So, who was/is your favorite professor and why? If you have multiple favorites you can list them too!

Dr Timothy Kidd in Geography. Took “Political Geography” in Fall 2018, and it by far was the best class I ever took at ODU (as a Comms/Film Production major). I learned so much about the world, history, and cultural identity in that class and respected his perspective on issues pertaining to the material.

I wrote the longest paper I’ve ever written in that class on the political geography of Australia. Paper was 40 pages long after title and works cited, and he was so impressed he kept the paper.

in terms of niceness, jodi bromley in public speaking. in terms of how much you will learn and how passionate they are , david courson and erin purcell in the chem dept and george chackman in the math dept

Professor Mann in the criminal justice department.  I had 3 classes with him, great guy overall and great teaching style

Dr. Timothy Kidd or Dr. Nicole Hutton-Shannon in the Geography department

Omg I love Dr Ed Neukrug !! I wish this man could teach all my classes lol. He’s so engaging and knowledgeable and down to earth. I love that man. I also loveeeee Dr Suzanne Morrow. She is INTENSE! But she’s structured, she has clear expectations, and she is so knowledgeable in her field. These professors are the best.

Professor Matheson. He was very sweet and easy to connect with as a person and not as just your instructor who gives you grades. Mostly from what i remember his writing assignments were structured in a way to make you be a better writer but to also be your honest self and give your opinion. He was just a really cool guy!! Workload wasn’t much and he was an easy grader. He helped me get out my shy shell a bit 😂

Professor Zanoni, Professor Beck, Dr Orr. ALL well rounded people.

cheng and moosavi are the only math professors I've had that seemed to actually enjoy teaching- this isn't to say the others are bad but they're the ones where I was actively like "oh you enjoy this and this isn't just an obligation you have to fulfill in order to do research"

Dr. CJ Butler was such a legend for Special Education classes. I'm so happy to have had the chance to learn from him before he retired.

I’ve had several cool professors in different departments, but the one that stood out the most to me was Dr. Lisa J. Byrum (or as her students fondly called her, Dr. B.) in the biological sciences department. I took her genetics and pathophysiology classes, she’s smart as shit. She had such a great personality/sense of humor that made lectures enjoyable and genuinely cared about her students. I would always look forward to going to her classes. Wonderful human being overall, I miss her ngl

Professor Land in the math department. She’s got a ridiculously dry sense of humor that can be a bit off putting and is very demanding but I’ve never had an instructor who bent over backwards to help you as much as her. She’s genuinely the best math instructor I’ve ever had. I miss her in the calc sequence since I’m doing it online

[deleted]

Dr. Jennifer Kidd in the Department of Teaching & Learning is one of my favorites. She has a super soothing voice, but she also puts so much effort into her coursework. I love her personality!

Dr. Drew Lopenzina is amazing too. He teaches Native American and early American literature. I would recommend anyone take one of his courses to understand early American writings. He is so funny even when he doesn't mean to be. It really made the material easy to digest.

No words can explain how amazing Professor Corrine Wilson is! I couldn't get the proctor to connect correctly, so I reached out to her for alternatives. She was willing to be my proctor so I could take the exam. She stood online with me for the WHOLE 3 hours (I was sick, and it was a stats exam). 

Then, during the last week of the semester, my husband ended up in the ICU. I reached out to all my professors, and she was the only one who averaged out my exams to cover the last one so I wouldn't have to worry about taking it. One professor didn't even bother replying and gave me a 0 instead. The others gave me a week extension (which I was still so thankful for), but Professor Wilson lifted this huge weight off of me at the lowest point in my life. 

My husband is doing well but has a very long road to recovery. I know students always make up lies, and so it's hard for professors to weed out those lies from the truth, but I can say ODU has a lot of professors who truly do care.

So many amazing ones in the English department… Dr. Costello, Dr. Osorio, Dr. Lopenzina, Dr. Defibaugh

my turn! my favorite is dr gray from the criminal justice department as well as professor clemens from the theatre department! both were so nice and passionate

Professor Venkat and his reverse lectures (watch lecture at home and practice topics in class)

Dr. Finley-Croswhite, Dr. Orr,  Dr. Zanoi, Dr. Fretwell.

David Gauthier, he teaches the research in pathogen biology courses which is more like a direct research collaboration than a lecture course.

I had a blast with the marketing professors! Karande was great to talk to, he always had cool stories from his time at Lays. Kilduff had fun, hands-on projects. And in accounting, Holman and I would talk about history and coffee, and he had some great, snarky one-liners.

Diwakar Yalpi

Very lenient on due dates and attendance, and even more lenient with OEA accommodations.

Anybody majored in IT?  I think Professor Cao because she was really helpful especially usually Microsoft Visio.  I was new to this software but she walked me through and I easily got A’s in all the assignments.  Like many of my classmates that I have met, “C’s get you degrees.”

Philosophy and Political Science major-

Professor Kissel (the Mr.) for intro to philosophy and upper level classes. Super down to earth guy and really shares his enthusiasm for sharing philosophy!

Dr. Kundmueller for upper level law focused political classes. She’s tough, but it’s for your benefit. She’s funny and crazy smart.

Professor Sutherland, or Heather idono what she went by but she's a great a bold professor who is very reasonable and relatable. Pretty sure she's in the art department, she taught me one of my first two years at odu

Professor Cheryl Champagne from the english dept. and Dr. Athena King from the political science dept. !!!

Professor Mukkamala had some of the best stories to tell in his classes for Operating Systems. Made it easy to remember the content.   
Professor Morris likewise had great stories and was much more focused on you learning a material than being a harsh grader. He was willing to make mistakes in front of the class and get corrected, which honestly is a great way to learn how to debug issues as you code. So many professors wouldn't dare try to program in front of their students for fear of making a mistake I believe.  
Professor Janet Brunelle really cared about the capstone course and making sure you had all the information you needed when it came to picking your courses next semester, was a very good advisor and really wanted to help get folks into the workforce.

Prof. Krist Watts for Public Speaking is AMAZING.  She's truly an incredible human-being and loves her students.  Her class will 100% be a highlight of your college experience.  She spent years in media and is an expert at her craft.

Professor John Whiteman, idk what else he teaches but he taught animal nutrition in like 2021-2022 maybe and he was hands down one of the best professors I’ve had in all my schooling. 
He was very into the subject and taught so well and was always willing to help

I might be showing my age, but Dr Bill Whitehurst was awesome.

Dr Linda Bol

dr kidd (geography) and dr van dore (cults and conspiracies) are the best professors i have ever taken!!

For upper level English, I 100% suggest Prof. Alexander, Prof. King, and Prof. Weddington. All S tier professors that truly care about your education and are always excited to delve deeper into the content when you need to as long as you're willing to put in the work.

Richard Jones, super easy class. Literally no homework. His labs had the easiest Lab Finals of all time.

10000% Dr. Kidd. I was a Geography major & the entire Geography department was great but Dr. Kidd was my favorite!

jodi is the goat

Dr. Courson is absolutely great and very passionate about the subject matter at literally all levels. It’s rare to encounter an instructor who is both exceptionally knowledgeable AND genuinely cares. Also while we’re on the chemistry department. Dr. Bayse and Dr. Freeman are also amazing in their own right. Chemistry professors at the university get a very bad rap for being either bad at teaching, uncompromising/lacking compassion, or downright condescending and I’ve found these three professors to dispel those stereotypes. They’re all really great.

i had him! he was really cool. did not like when i jokingly asked if the cia had anything to do with jfks murder however 😭

Kole Matheson in English? He was my undergrad advisor— loved him!

Omg I had no idea he retired!! He was amazing I took two of his classes and loved every second of it! He was super knowledgeable and I still remember a lot of his teachings as a sped teacher

Yes! Such a great personality. Him and Stevens in Anatomy, gold!

I also took them! Worked with Lopenzina for a semester as his research assistant… awesome experience!

she sounds amazing!

Lol he’s my boss

love dr king she’s the best

Took a class with him last spring he is AMAZING

Either you’re lying or we’re thing of different people. Haha.

she is a literal angel sent from heaven

Freeman is probably one of the best professors i've ever had throughout my entire undergrad. He is so kind and i learned so much from him, i loved analytical so much even though my focus was in biochem. I was lucky enough to have him for lecture and lab and he was just a really good guy and an even better professor.

😭😭😭that’s wild

yes! He’s amazing

Webb Chickfila Anybody get Chick-fil-A from Webb this evening and have their chicken smell/taste like cigarette smoke? Mine did and I ate it because I spent money on it and im seriously regretting it because I think i have food poisoning now. Please tell me someone else had smoke chicken and I wasn't just crazy unlucky

Smoke chicken 😭😭😭

That was not the Lord's chicken. It was the devil's hen

I hate ODU food 😭

You're literally cooked 😭

You should complain

A right of passage

Cigarette smoke actually isn’t bad for you. My mom smoked like a biker bar and I’m like a genius. I can only focus on like 3 things though.

[deleted]

[deleted]

I think so. I got it again tonight and got the same result. I've gotten it throughout the week it's not been like this. This is now the second Tuesday in a row I've gotten chicken like this. I'm avoiding them now.

Joke went over your head bud.

How do yall do it?

I wish it was possible to unlearn.

Idk. It’s perspective. I use music to block out other ambient noises. If you are looking to enhance your learning experience try wordless music, instrumentals, mozart, or jazz. Play the volume low since You should already be studying in a quiet area. The volume should be low enough so your music does not interrupt your thoughts. Your mind will intrinsically pick up the tones. Graduate to music with words but you will learn certain genres are better than others. Music has a way of affecting you emotions which can be a distraction if your sensitive to that kind of input so be mindful. It should make studying a tad bit more fun but nothing more.

ADHD.

The dark side of the force is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be unnatural.

Acceptable but I did not miss you lol

Depends on the subject for me. I can listen to audiobooks while doing math and music with everything else. But I also tend to constantly have some audio playing around me.

It's gotta be something without lyrics or something with lyrics I don't understand for me. I just need something to block out the noise I can't control.

Why?

I wish I want as fussy about my studying set up but I have to be at home and have everything just so.

Where does this random door lead? Anyone know what this strangely fortified door leads to?

Plenty of older buildings with renovations have walled off windows where you can’t even tell there is a window on the inside but you can see on the outside.

It’s a window. It’s boarded up. I work in MGB and half the windows are boarded up.

That’s actually my office.

We’d tell you but we’d have to kill you.  /s

Sometimes windows are even designed into the building but not actually built, like the east wall of the oceanography building. Lots of window outlines bricked into the wall but no windows

Yeah but it has a handle. Door boarded up?

😆😆  Is it all walled up, or is it still a door?

We need to see the other side!

I mean, if you need to board up a perfectly door-sized window and happen to have a spare door, why not use it?

It’s been a while I’ve been pretending to work for 15 years. Still getting checks.

🤦‍♂️

Did any of your teachers accuse you of using AI? My professor in my history class is saying that I use AI according to Turnitin. They want me to either fail the class or have it taken up by Office of Student Conduct and Academic Integrity where I will have a hearing. I didn’t use it so I have no idea how they could say I did. They basically are trying to have me prove a negative. What do you think I should do? These are the options given to me. 

Option A: Voluntary Resolution (Incident resolved between faculty and student)
The faculty communicated with the student, explains the alleged violation, and proposes sanctions. 
The student acknowledges the violation.
The student accepts the proposed sanctions.
The faculty and the student sign the Academic Integrity Violation Report Form.
Form and referral materials forwarded to OSCAI.
 
Option B: Hearing (Incident Referred directly to OSCAI and a hearing takes place)
Appropriate in the following situations:
The severity of the alleged violation warrants a response greater than a grade sanction.
The student denies the allegation(s).
The student does not agree to faculty-proposed sanctions.

I would say fight it if you didn't use any AI to write the paper. here is an example from Vanderbilt on why they aren't using Turnitin's AI detection feature https://www.vanderbilt.edu/brightspace/2023/08/16/guidance-on-ai-detection-and-why-were-disabling-turnitins-ai-detector/ so I would do some research on more articles to help build your case on why the feature has flaws

Start by researching the veracity of Turnitin and/or run your own Turnitin or similar analysis to see if it is true.

[deleted]

If you were using word (perhaps other apps) with auto save, you can present a log of your writing and save points

There is no technology that can tell if you used ai or not. It is literally impossible. It would be one thing if your quality of writing wildly went up or down but turn it in said it’s ai written should not hold water.

I instructed graduate students in biochemistry on how to use AI in a protein-folding assignment. They were to find the sequence of a protein and use Alphafold2 via Google Colab to determine the 3D structure. This is not using “text generative AI”, such as chatGPT. But nonetheless, they used AI as part of the course.

AI is here to stay. Learn to use it, properly, or you will be at a disadvantage. But, as Peter Parker’s grandfather once said, “With great power comes great responsibility.”

It does not matter. Like everyone is saying, if you didn’t use AI then you didn’t use AI. We trust you are being honest here. Fight it. Do not take this punishment from them. Perhaps try and have a sit down or zoom/phone call with your academic advisor. Tell them your situation. Be confident. Your hesitance like you have in these comments could make them even more suspicious so be confident.

Some professors are lazy and don’t even read your work if Turnitin says you plagiarized. Deny the allegation and take Option B. The hearing will be your opportunity to present whatever evidence you have that you didn’t do anything wrong. 

ODU professors have had training available on AI and the limits of AI detection in Turnitin, so they shouldn’t be relying on it to begin with. They have also had training available for designing coursework more effectively for the age of generative AI. Your professor should know better on both counts. 

If you really didn’t use AI, then I can only assume this is happening to you because of your prof being lazy in both grading and continuing education. Good luck.

Thank you I am thinking of bringing it to their attention. I also called the office of student conduct and academic integrity and the guy couldn’t tell what choice I should do but he did inform me that many people are calling them about their professors doing the same thing. I hope ODU will look and correct themselves before this affects to many people.

No but I did notice that added section about it on the syllabus. Those type of programs aren’t that accurate anyway, and it is absolute ridiculous. Just like everyone else I strongly suggest you fight it. Don’t let stuff like this win!

remember, Ai still thinks the declaration of independence is written by ai, Also , you cant fail  someone for getting the right answer (how they got there is irrelevant) , teachers are looking for a way to be lazy and just scan homework into some garbage system. If anything, report the teacher for trying to be lazy and use some auto reading tool to read your hard work, demand they work for their paycheck instead of using a scanner and some 100$ subscription to a scam app.

So what ended up happening? I’m in the exact same boat and have requested a hearing.. I’m curious how it’s going to go.

Nah I graduated before that became an issue lmao

That’s why I am so upset cause I didn’t use AI and it’s saying that I did. Most of the highlighted AI is quotes directly from the textbook that I was using at my citations. I just don’t know how they can use unproven technology to fail me.

I did and it’s says about 23% was AI assist. When the teacher showed theirs it says 60%. Even the honor code  is highlighted and shown as AI assisted. The only thing g I can think of is the school is paying for a better version of Turnitin than I used.

Thanks I would love to force them to prove it, but in the teacher eyes the Turnitin has already proved it and now I have to either go with what she believes or go in front of a board and hope they hear me out.

Ok thank you that is a good idea. I just don’t know if the teacher will even look at evidence at this point. They want me to choose either option A or B. I don’t want to do Option A but I want this over with and I don’t want some type of worse punishment if I go with Option B.

Makes sense but you knew they would have to use AI to get the answers that they needed. For me there just isn’t any info on it as to why my paper would be AI no prove or anything I can refute cause there is no evidence in the first place.

Option B makes them prove it

Seems like the professor had a change a heart and realize what they did was wrong. Did option A. Did all the paper work and sign it. Then the professor stopped responding to OSCAI. They posted my grade and I stopped talking to OSCAI. OSCAI reached out but I ignore it and everything has been good.

I’m graduating this coming semester and am glad bc this is ridiculous!

Yeah from my limited understanding of AI it’s going to pull information from sources somewhere so if it looks at your textbook too then it will most likely sound similar, and if you cited your sources I would think you are in the good

Fight them.

Because they are fools. I’m so sick of hearing AI, maybe they should rethink their entire existence. Like why do we need their dumb Gen-Ed’s if I wanna learn history I’ll just read a book. Jeez

Run it again to repeat the experiment. If you can prove the percentage of AI assist is not constant then that hopefully should reduce the veracity of their score/case. 

Does it show you the similar articles? Maybe there is info on Turnitin that shows how they determine AI assist. I’m not sure how that is even possible.

The most difficult part of school is the administrative nonsense. As long as you can prove substantially through a log showing you weren’t pasting large blocks of text into word and that it was an iterative process, they can’t prove AI use whatsoever. If you have the log, tell them you will take option C, “we handle this now and you come to your senses”. If no movement, bring in the department chair to the email string. Stand your ground and be your own advocate!

Yea mine is hell bent on hemming me up. I’ve been nothing but nice to her and even told her I would re-do it or take zeros on the two assignments she’s saying turnitin says I used AI on but she said her policy is to fail me completely 🥲

Exactly I what get it if I didn’t cite something correctly or someone other reason but from what I am seeing there is no reason that Turnitin is correct or has any prove of anything. Thats why is the most upsetting cause you can really prove a negative. We are supposed to be innocent till proven guilty and this doesn’t feel that way.

Smart idea I will run it though again and see if it changes the score. No it just highlighted what it saw as AI generated/assisted writing. The first thing was the ODU honor code which I thought was strange but I guess ODU could have made a new one using AI. Then mostly my citations that I made sure to properly cite. There is no info on how they get the idea that you use AI just that it does and I have to believe it.

Run a few of the prof's publications through it while you're at at.

Keep in mind that the burden of proof is on the prof and, being a history prof he is unlikely to have the technical chops to understand how good the results are.

I got a CS degree there in 1990, have heard of several cases of this happening and am tempted to push the CS department to help educate the dimmer faculty.

Report your findings to the administration. 

If your Turnitin is only pinging the honor code and citations, then your professor’s assertion that the body of your paper is AI generated is unfounded and false.

Also, bring up that there is absolutely no transparency on how Turnitin determines whether something is AI generated or not. Being a higher level education institution, ODU should not just take Turnitin’s lack of response as an accurate tool to determine plagiarism, especially when a paying student’s academic is at stake.

If they give you issue, I’d go as far as the president’s office. They can’t accuse you of plagiarism with such a baseless claim.

My English teacher at ODU was super bad with this and was constantly accusing people of it, even myself when I never used it. I ended up getting full credit but it seems like it’s been a theme. If it came down to it and she stuck her ground I was going to fight it. If you did not plagiarize, fight it.

If you’re able, please do. This is dangerous for faculty and students alike to be accused of without any backing.

I'll see if I can round up some other alumni to sign onto it, too.

Thank you for that kindness to those coming behind you!

My gf screamed “Monarchs” instead of my name in bed? So my girl is applying to transfer to ODU this year and has been talking about it nonstop for weeks. She’s been wanting this for as long as she’s known the school and mentions it anytime we’re together.

I’m totally cool with that and have supported her through it all. She definitely has the stats to get in so I’m proud of her, but its an insane obsession now. She’s visited the school about 6 times and says how much she loves everything about the school and I mean EVERYTHING.

The Grounds, programs, people, architecture, history, traditions, colors, mascot, shape, *smell*?

She even told me I would look hotter if I dressed more like Taylor Heinicke? What do you guys think that means??

She literally knows everything about the school and does ODU trivia with me when we’re bored or asks me to help her write emails to professors she thinks she’ll have next year to tell them how much she “loves” their work.

Last night we were doing it in bed, and everything was going smoothly. While she talked me through it I thought I heard her mumbling but couldn’t really make out what she was saying. But at the end she screamed “Monarchs!” and was talking to “her little Taylor Heinicke.” She said she wanted to be at his school so bad and would do anything for it. Instead of my name! She said Monarchs!

I asked her about it after and she told me it didn’t mean anything and just kept rambling about how much she really wants the school. It doesn’t even sound like she’s talking about a school anymore.

I know she’s stressed because of it, but I’m kind of hurt? Is this normal?

This made my day. Thank you, OP. If any of this is remotely true, I’d say it’s time to jump ship.

Lol, that was a fun read.

Ol Dirty and Big Blue have that effect

I could believe this being real if it was like Harvard or VA tech...but fucking ODU?!?!?

This sounds like BS and your girlfriend sounds like a psychopath. No one is that excited to go to ODU. 🙄 As for the “she’s got the stats,” getting in is easier than getting into community college so…

this is like an AI generated fan fic, what am i even reading

Like odu is a doable goal. Not good not bad, and that’s fine I don’t want it to get harder honestly they could slack a little on some of their programs and that would be fine lol and Lower the cost it’s getting ridiculous with these random fees lol

ODU graduation ticket scam Bruh it’s nothing but scammers on here taking students’ emails and tryna scam with them. Don’t fall for it y’all. Someone just tried to scam my friend using my email lol. If someone is using an email ending in gord011 it’s a scam!!

ODU's Fall 2020 Reopen Plan

[deleted]

[Link to further details about the plan.](https://odu.edu/blueprint)

So overall it both starts earlier but is also a shorter semester?

[removed]

[deleted]

This is how I felt walking to my midterm today

[This is pretty much the only thing I saw walking to class today.](http://media.npr.org/assets/img/2012/10/29/154886253_slide-b505ef75fae089b08e0d8e7f5e32b49e295b70bf-s6-c30.jpg)

Welcome to ODU's rainy season! Invest in some flip flops to walk through the rain in. I know it will make your feet cold, but flip flops will dry MUCH easier than your shoes after a long trip to and from class. Especially if you're headed to BAL or the health building.

Yep, wore flip flops to the first Towson and JMU football games when I was there.  Both games were monsoons.

My friends joked on me until their shoes and socks filled with water.

So who put this up in front of England?

amazing.

I saw this yesterday.  I was... mildly amused.

awesome. i'm going to visit that tomorrow

haha I walk past that like every day and missed it.  I shall have to find it tomorrow.

Would've thought whitehurst'd be a better smoke spot.

haha just came here to see if anyone caught this too haha

I seriously hope this isn't a smoke spot... It's right under the monorail

The 'monorail' that is for shade and avoiding rain?

Exactly.  How funny are we walking under it like ants when it rains?

O yeah you know the multi-million dollar umbrella?

happy cake day

WTKR News: ODU Leadership Fractures Deepening in Wake of Shooting

Happy there is reporting on this. ODU has a caring and wonderful academic staff and community. For a school that “represents Hampton Roads” it’s patronizing to have a Hemphill rule by intimidation. This is not the culture we need here.

I’m glad someone is finally saying something. Hemphill and his ilk in Koch Hall have got to go!

No one is talking about what is transpiring with the EVMS merger. Hemphill is listening to consultants and believing a teaching school is going to be a revenue stream. New Dean is listening to a three headed cabal that ran the school their way before she took over. Two of which are married to each other and trying to save their jobs.

Advice for 8-Week Courses? With fall registration looming, and students both online and in-person faced with a schedule of entirely 8-week accelerated online courses, I'm curious as a professor/advisor what advice those of you who have taken an 8-week class might have for students who haven't. I certainly have my own ideas from the other side of the fence as it were, but know that student experience is the best resource here.

What should they know? What should they do? What should they avoid?

My experience has been brief with a class I registered for without paying attention to the condensed course time. But, I'd say organization is top priority, dedicating time to stay on top of assignments and not procrastinating, working ahead as often/as much as possible. The thing that's making me the most nervous is I work full time and occasionally have unpredictable hours. The previous experience with an 8 week course felt like I had multiple assignments due every day and felt very rushed. It was definitely more of memorizing to regurgitate and felt like I wasn't able to really retain information that was pertinent. If you can find a way to create memorable lessons in the short span, that'd be very beneficial to your students, although I can imagine that's a daunting task with the short notice given to faculty. 

The other concern I have as an ODU Global student is missing the benefits of learning from my professor's experiences. I'm an Elementary Ed major and a lot of what my professors have shared with me from their personal experience as far as differentiating instruction, classroom management, assessments, etc. made a lot more sense seeing it in practice with explicit examples that were memorable rather than memorizing what the textbook says and it's a shame that students will miss that with the new formatting. I know a lot of students don't love 3 hour lectures, but I've found hands on experiences and real life examples to really help expand on concepts and ideas in a way the textbook just can't provide.

[deleted]

As a student who recently finished and has taken multiple 8 week courses, you must stay organized. In the class I just finished, I was very frustrated because the instructors material was all over the place. I feel like modules should be organized well. Also, the links were old and broken. I did well in the course but I couldn’t wait for it to end. Finally, I really feel  that all of the material should be opened up in 8 week courses. Allow students to work ahead if they desire to do so.

I hated the only 8 week asynchronous course I took. Im so glad Im graduating.

It moves fast- for prof and student alike. Organization, deadlines are less flexible than 16-week counterpart, and ultimately the reading/writing standards decline. 

Good luck.

So, I’ve taken them before but not here. I actually liked it because I knocked out 2 classes a semester, and I’m all about efficiency lol.It took me time to adjust to a longer schedule when I transferred here actually. That said obviously you need to be able to learn on your own for it to work.

Isn’t the 8 week courses only applicable to ODU global?

You're preaching to the choir on most of this (not that this is a bad thing), although I'm going to defend Perusall - the ability for discussion to focus directly on the text of the article itself, and to exist alongside it as students read/review, has a lot of benefits. Personally, I've moved away from textbook/assigned reading in online classes because I find that I want more control over course content and would rather students engage with narrated lectures, but in graduate courses Perusall is really useful as a way to connect students with material (and with each other in relation to that material).

So the question of pacing is a difficult one. Letting students work ahead can create challenges: for example, discussion boards (I know we all love these) often require replying to a classmate, which you can't do if you're the only student speedrunning. In addition, there are situations were courses are scaffolded and students really should be getting feedback on their previous assignments before beginning work on the next ones.

At the same time, you're right: a reality of 8 week courses is that sometimes you need to be able to work when you can work, and having some flexibility about how to do so makes sense.

All online courses are 8-weeks, regardless if you are a campus student or an ODUGlobal student.

I understand

Which is why faculty senate cast a no confidence vote on Hemphill and Payne prior to the shooting. His big push to bring in more money while keeping instructors among the working poor.

Dungeons and Dragons Club? Would there be any interest in a DND club. Something to help facilitate people finding groups to play in and running one shots and miniature painting nights and stuff of that nature?

I’d be down! I’m getting my resin printer back up and running in a month or so so I could support the group’s models for painting if it comes to fruition!

A mini painting night sounds awesome. I know it’s not DND, but I’ve got some Battletech stuff I’ve been wanting to paint lol

I have a friend who's college aged but not attending ODU and he lives on 41st, he used to be a DM back in his hometown and he's looking for a group so if you make a meet up DM me and I'll get y'all in contact because he's been looking for people but unfortunately I'm too busy

Oh I would be so down for a DnD club! I've been looking for a group for a while!

I'm running a DnD group on campus right now. It'd be nice to establish a formal group to help with resources and helping people find groups.

I'm an incoming freshman for the fall 2026 semester, and I was hoping there would be a DnD club to join. Hope you're able to make this happen cause that would be really cool!

I could see a fun fund raising idea is resin printing a person's miniture and then painting it. I'm pretty decent miniature painter myself!

That would be awesome honestly having someone who can print models would make painting nights way cooler.

A paint night would be system agnostic for sure.

I am already running two campaigns. I'm more interested in starting a club. A hub that would help people find groups and runs fun events.

Definitely! And I’d consider myself decent as well. You got a discord or somewhere we could talk about this further?

Refund Check In Making this post for people to drop in when their accounts go negative. Nothing here as of 9:32am 😭

The financial aid portal still shows the hold. Once that disappears then everything should disburse.

5:56 and still have a balance wtf

Aaaaaand we’re negative! Here we go blessings

Mines in the negatives now!

Still no. 7:04 pm

still nothing wtf

I would expect after noon.

I read that they won’t remove the hold or disburse funds until the evening of the 12th. So we still need to wait until at least tomorrow

1:29 pm still nothing

🥲 I’m not negative…my big pregnant self just jumped up to check and still have a balance….bro😐

Mine still says there’s a hold on my disbursement

6:15pm and nothing yet for me… I hope it’ll still happen today…

2AM for me. Just checked and the Hold message is gone, but balance is still there.

Hoping to see zeros today!!!! Everyone keeps telling me spring is faster!!

I’m watching too lol the past semesters I thought they did it earlier than this though.

Mine say negative now lol 😂 I then spent up my paycheck now I want this refund

Welp it’s 10:45pm and I still have a balance

Not even being funny, check and see if they reviewed your housing status and updated it. They’re really wild asf even if you did the housing form

Reposting again here- Finally in the negative! Thank god! Now the wait continues!

I just got off the phone with FA and they said that the first round started @5p yesterday and should continue today/tonight. She told me that I had a note on my account saying I was getting a refund and that all my boxes were checked (no hold, fulltime, satisfied requirements etc) . & to call back in the morning if I don’t receive anything tonight. I encourage you guys to call in to see if you have that memo of disbursement to get a little peace of mind today 😭 I at least know that I won’t be (profusely) checking until after 5p today

10:36a nothing yet

Are they coming in right after disbursement ?

When I check my financial aid, it says 1/20/26 next to “Period”. Does it say that for anyone else?

Went negative sometime this morning

Did anyone’s account zero out today?

Anyone recieved their money, or zeroed out?

Anyone still have a balance? I didn’t go negative at all

Has anybody zeroed out yet?

I have officially zeroed out !

Some of you all really need to calm down. What are you all using your refunded checks for that’s causing everyone to go angsty?

They never came this early. Last year it came in early February.

Mine still shows a hold as well -12:52pm

mines negative not 0 yet

Negative as of 4:07pm 💕

This is my first semester back in a long time, usually how long after negative are refunds in your account?

Same. Mine didn’t show up until after 12:pm.

Same, still a balance here.

Same

Don’t lose hope. There’s a lot of refunds needed to be processed and still a lot of time left in the day. :)

same here friend weird stuff

Same! This is weird… I wonder why certain accounts have this happening, it’s confusing and annoying. I’d love to know the reason

lol same I have stuff to do this weekend I need the money by Friday

Yea but the semester is starting extra late for some reason - so I kinda anticipated a delay. Hoping to see negative balances by tonight :)

Last year they did lol got my spring semester check on the 6th of January

Same maybe tomorrow😭🤦🏽‍♀️

Did they tell you when the refund would zero in our portals and be sent to the bank? Or just when they will disburse to the student account?

What number did you call?

I dont know if this is helpful but the two years prior my disbursement emails were sent out between 6:30P-6:45P.. so maybe expect the same time frame?

This is what I’m wondering, how many days past today will it actually be sent to the bank?

That’s what Im trying to find out as well. I usually have it around this time but they haven’t dispersed and classes start next week for me

ZEROOOO To my fellow reddittors I have been zeroed out!!!!! Happy refunding!!!!🫶🏼🫶🏼🫶🏼🫶🏼

*runs to check*.... *sobs*

Mine says negative the amount but i still haven’t received the email saying the refund has been issued yet

ME TOOOOOOOO

How long after it ‘zero’s’ do you usually get the refund…?
As mine has now ‘zeroed’ however there’s nothing under the refund tab for me yet. (Though I’m not sure if that wouldn’t show up until after the refund has processed).

Me Too!!!!

MINE ZEROED OUT

Today is a good day.

What is this medical group 3 balance im now seeing?

Did anyone else receive the email, but still have a negative balance?

I’m so sorry 😭

Nvm it’s says zero now

🥹🙌🏼

You should have it tomorrow!

I would give it a couple hours

Did they make a separate term called medical group 3 for you? Because that just popped up for me

So happy for all of you 🙌🏼🫶🏼

I'm calling rn

it might just be an accounting thing so the refunds are under a separate “code” for their ledger so to speak, I mean I did hear they’re under audit right now so

I think most of us have zeros out. Did you?

Thank you so much!

That would be awesome if it came today!

Mine says this as well. Does it say RALL

I got the medical group 3 as well what tf is that??

Me too I was so confused. Hoping we all see that EALL for the electronic refund shortly!

Should I call and who do I call?

I am calling as well

Yes it did later on. Thank you for the response

I should've clarified, it should show up in the refund tab in a few hours

Yes

I rlly dunno but as long as it gets me my money I'll be that 😤

I have the same message with RALL

I'll update you when I get connected

I feel like if we all call at the same time itll just take longer to get answers

Gotcha! Still appreciate it though thanks! This is my first go around so I’ve definitely been learning the whole process for the last week!

Give update

We don't know if its a per individual error or a widespread error.

Welcome to ODU!!!! It's really fun here 😌

I will ASAP I promise!!!

Plus we should see if each of us gets a different answer.

It's a bunch of people dealing with it so I'm assuming it's widespread

I mean it's up to you, I've been on hold about 12 minutes

I have the same thing. From what I gathered it's just a place holder that ODU uses and it'll update on its own.

Just update me

I'll make a post when I hear something

Have you heard anything

Been on hold 40 minutes

Petition to save Sentara college Hey y’all, asking for a favor from one Hampton Roads college to another. In short, my school is trying to shut down and force us to another school to complete our nursing degree. It’s heartbreaking for us, all the work and effort we put in and may be for next to nothing. If you have a minute please sign the petition to help out, or share if you wouldn’t mind.

Who's graduating in May?

Meee finally 🥳

Me but I don't know anyone 😞

Me! Finally!

Never too late!

So true. I came so close to bombing out of ODU but managed to turn myself around and finish. I'm so glad I did. 11 years later, I have a decent job and am married to a wonderful partner.

💪🏾

You are worthy!!

What's the best place to get pizza on campus?

Del Vec’s. Thats monarch fuel

Del vecchios on Hampton, then Cogans on colley.

Del Vec's was my go-to spot. They had great lunch specials when I used to go there.

Bro will not stop spamming memes here

Del vecchios was the spot fr

Cogans

Del Veccs

Del Vec’s, they keep the monarchs going baby.

Del Vec for sure. Make sure to get their hot wings, too. It'll change your life fr

Would definitely go with Del Vecchios

Semester breaks, eh?

I miss classes 😭

I MISS THE QUIETNESS OF MY ROOM LET ME GO BACKKKKKKKKKK DORMS OPEN EARLY PLEASE

Professor is saying I am uploading work that isn’t my own?  I’m taking a sociology class and my professor keeps grading my work as a 0 and saying I am being dishonest by uploading work that isn’t my own?! I do all the readings, take extensive notes and write the papers myself so I’m so confused as to how this keeps happening. I literally include things from the chapters we read as specifics and mention things we discuss in class that are specific to me? I don’t understand how I could be stealing someone’s writing? Does anyone know what I can do? She asked to email to meet and I emailed but waiting for her to get back to me is killing me. I excel academically and even want a future in academia so I don’t want this to mess anything up to me, especially since I am being honest?

Show up during office hours and prove its yours with documentation showing the assignments or essays you did were done by you (any real application can do this) also if you have nothing to fear run it by your advisor then go to the office of academic honesty and tell them this to get ahead of your professor making a false claim and destroying your academics

In both Word and Docs you are able to see the edit history. I know in Docs it literally shows everything you’ve done, starting with a blank page. Show her that

the only thing you really can do is wait for their response, or show up during their office hours.

If you’re actually writing them and not plagiarizing then you’ll be fine. 

If you and others are using ChatGPT or AI or (actually plagiarizing) and it’s getting detected or creating very similar outputs then yeah you fucked up. 

These professors get hundreds of students a year. They aren’t looking to hand out 0’s and accuse students of something that will get them expelled without actual evidence.

Are you properly citing all of your sources

Why weren't you knocking down her door at office hours the first time she gave you a 0? You should have been HORRIFIED to be accused of plagiarism, and you should have let her know this.

This is the not the first time you’ve been accused of this.

Find one of your professor's published works. Put it through the same AI plagiarism checker. Then send her the results.

They have software that can look for plagiarism.
Are you using AI to write papers?

I saw she keeps rescheduling a meeting with u show up unannounced if she fails to help you let her know you will be taking the next steps of going to the office bc shes just playing in your face at this point

Are you properly citing (footnotes) things that you “literally include” from the texts?  If I misunderstood your use of the word litterally, and you do provide appropriate citations, then I don’t understand the instructor’s action.  In any case, they owe you a better explanation.

Lmao I never had problems because I actually wrote all my work. If you are getting flagged you are plagiarizing and need to be educated on original material.

Update: she believed me and things have been worked out. All is good.

To me there is nothing wrong with using AI to help draw ideas for a paper but you certainly shouldn’t plug and chug. I use chat gpt all the time to help explain things because 90% of professors suck at lectures and leave you more confused than when you started.

This

Do you know what I do to view it in Word?

These AI trackers are so cracked. They’re saying people’s independent work is plagiarized all over the place. It just looks for overused words and things like that so. She’s probably not doing any real grading or following up on the screening tech. Lazy professor.

Well, I have my writing intensive class directly during her office hours and when she emailed me back she keeps rescheduling a meeting with me. But hopefully the one she scheduled Monday will work out. And I am horrified and she definitely knows.

And it was the same issue as them that it was verified by turnitin and they ended up getting proved right.

That was my friend mate, not me

I mean I agree with using it to explain things, but using it to write your paper is nothing thing. My issue with all of this was they’re using AI to verify if you’re using AI…doesn’t make much sense, the paper she showed me that got flagged for AI, literally flagged direct quotes, even though that should be flagged separately as plagiarism if anything. It’s annoying that I do my work but because other people aren’t I’m getting flagged for crap. As I stated in an update, it got worked out and I’m not in trouble, and the professor believes me, but it is still highly annoying.

Word is a bit trickier, that’s why I don’t personally use it. You’d have to have set it to track your changes OR have had auto-save on. If your auto save is on, go to “File”, “Info”, and “Version History”

Lol no, these NLP models also detects what **isn’t** AI generated (human created). If your “legitimate” work is *repeatedly* getting detected for issues then you’re cheating. 

Yes, sometimes there are variances but those are taken into account. If a professor is giving a 0 and wants to meet, they found irrefutable evidence. 

Professor is most likely going to show this evidence, give them a chance to confess, and (hopefully, if they’re a good professor) let them redo the work for submission and give a slap on the wrist.

I can guarantee you some professors are not paragons of perfect teaching like that. They’re not upholding some higher standard. Some professors really are just going to operate like I described. And I can guarantee you that the screening apps are equally fallible.

I can agree with this, I have inserted papers I have 100% written with my own notes and research. Still it comes up as AI generated. I always get scared of that, but it’s my own work so what can I do?

Even out of pure laziness, it's easier to pass someone through than to accuse them of cheating. Good professor, bad professor... Neither is going through the trouble unless they are convinced.

AI detection tools are used as an augmentation, not as a comprehensive solution. We both agree there are limitations to these systems which is *exactly* why manual work is still needed. 

I will disagree and say there are absolutely zero college professors are doing only what you claim for grading students. 

Also you do know these AI models take hundreds of thousands of papers from hundreds of universities over the past years. Isn’t it weird that all of a sudden in the past few years students are starting to write like an AI?

That is just not true. You forgot about vindictive professor. Some professors are looking for things like this and looking to fail students to seem like their class is hardcore. I’m not just jaded, this is the unfortunate reality.

Anyone know when refunds are coming? Ya girl is BROKE 😭

Some say after the first week of class, but from my experience it's whenever the hell odu feels like it.

boutta eat so good when this refund comes

Normally, if there's no issues with the system, I usually get mine 2 business days after disbursement. Last semester though was the exception because there were issues either the system from what was told so it took a lot longer. Looking at past emails, I'm hoping today because I need to get school books lol and that's normally when I get the email that the refund is going through so 🤞🏻🤞🏻🤞🏻

So at this point no one has a zero balance in erefunds? Once it goes negative to zero it means your refund has been processed.

I walked over to FA in Rollins, they said they are pushing refunds through tonight

Anyone got an update on their refund to share?

I spent 3 grand this summer, barely worked. I need my refund NOW

My email said it was just sent to my bank

The fact that they call it a “refund” is egregious. It’s still money you’re going to owe to the government when you’re done with school. Financial aid is a loan, it is not ‘aid’.

[deleted]

Oh fabulous lol

Yes, I was about to say the same cause like last fall I got the refund email on Monday the 21st and on Tuesday I got my refund in my bank account so I’m hoping for today🤞🤞🤞

Okay thank you!! Last semester it took a while for me because I was a late admit

Mine is still negative, but I have e-refunds set up so hopefully in the next couple of days it’ll hit my account

Putting in the legwork, thank you!! 🙏

Still nothing :(

I work a full time job and STILL need the money; it’s rough out here

I have multiple grants and scholarships that cover more than my tuition cost. I don’t have to pay it back

I have grants, kindly go fuck yourself :)

Just hope you get it at regular time 😭

[deleted]

I need textbooks and can’t buy them yet 🥲

Not this semester, fortunately. Grants covered everything because I just bought a house and make almost no money lol

I feel you cause I need materials for my class to and to broke to get any now

[deleted]

They did last semester when my grant went over my tuition payment. It helped me pay my monthly mortgage instead of campus housing

[deleted]

Thanks

We really need to bring this back. (The tunnels are a joke. The water table is to high for tunnels.)

How old is this?

I’m down we don’t need pizza but. Let’s meet by the lions?

Late 2000s

What are the chances I can get away with sneaking in a lightsaber on graduation day? Ok graduation day is May 4th, star wars day. What are the chances I can get away with sneaking in a lightsaber and what are the potential consequences?

[deleted]

I had the same thought when I found out graduation was May 4th lmfao

What are the chances you grow the hell up before graduation?

Seems like very “look at me” behavior on a day that should be about celebrating everyones accomplishments and hard work, not stupidity.

…what if President Hemphill has one of his own

[deleted]

Just ask them.

Maybe ask the principal first,  or a cool administrator. Try to get it in writing. That way you can surprise everyone else but also have a Get Out Of Jail card if things go south. 

The real question is… is the graduation stage raised? Will you have the high ground?


(…I don’t even know this school. Pretty sure this was recommended to me because it contains the word “lightsaber”.)

As a fellow graduate that will be there, I hope this happens

dew it 😈 please. it would be great

Pull it out after you've shook hands with people on stage and do a few moves as you step to the other side and down the stage

not bad odds of sneaking it in, just don’t make the mistake of revealing it before you’ve gone upstage and gotten your diploma

as a grad who will also be there and whose grad photos were star wars themed, do it.

I personally own two legit quality ones. Even have the attachment to make it a dual saber. I'd be willing to go home, grab them & let you guys use them if you aren't going to get in trouble or anything. DM me if you're interested!

I was supposed to grab them and bring them to campus to have a battle with a dude I met on campus. Never had time to go grab them, but I still have his number. Is that person you?

I plan to stab you at graduation with an overpriced plastic toy

[I'm actuality, I plan to do something like this](https://images.app.goo.gl/EZC11biYmGrs9CWP6)

0

Dude…you must be so fun at parties

“former”

I made ratemyprofessors but for classes: Rate My Courses 
Hi Everyone,

I have been working for some time now on this website [ratemycourses.io](https://ratemycourses.io/odu) and I am really excited to share it with you.

You can use this to look at reviews and get advice on courses you're interested in. You can also sort courses by difficulty, usefulness and the overall rating from reviews made by other students. I think if enough people start using it regularly. it's going to be essential when you're choosing your electives or just to get advice on courses you will be taking.

Please let me know if there is anything that I should change or what features I should add.

Lastly, filtering and sorting courses is only gonna be useful and accurate if there are a lot of reviews, so please go ahead and leave some reviews to courses you've taken or are currently taking.

Enjoy!!

Great stuff!

What's the stack?

Non-binary author and assistant professor at Old Dominion University is trying to normalize the term MAP (Minor Attracted Persons)

I actually emailed Brian Hemphill last night regarding this and he replied to me earlier today that ODU is looking into the issue.

bro I hate it when I come across a post that was deleted

edit: found a thread showcasing the videos on twitter [https://twitter.com/libsoftiktok/status/1458985538334068740](https://twitter.com/libsoftiktok/status/1458985538334068740)

2nd edit: yes, they go here [https://www.odu.edu/directory/people/a/aewalker](https://www.odu.edu/directory/people/a/aewalker)

3rd edit: btw that logo in the corner is from a MAPs promotion organization. Shoe0nhead went over it well and is the reason the term MAP is getting a lot of attention this week https://youtu.be/Hg49x9NvOeI

for anyone unaware, MAP and is a "nice" term for pedophile. Some idiots are trying  to push pedophilia into the realm of social justice by changing the name of it. 

&#x200B;

Literally everyone, left, right, serial killer, does not agree with this at all. Pedophilia shouldn't be normalized.

Uhhhhhhh. What the fuck?

Who is it? Not seeing anything in the link

Fuck this dude bro. Pedophilia isn't normal and trying to fight for the same respect and rights that the LGBT+ community is fighting for is disgusting.

They really should make that public on twitter or somewhere. Because my god their getting rammed on social media rn.

Sociology snd criminal justice, fucking scary!  The guy’s a compete idiot.

This is a sociology and criminal justice professor. They aren't advocating for pedophilia to be normalized like the title says, they're advocating for the normalization of therapy so pedophiles can cope with their unhealthy attraction before they become isolated and actually sexually assault children. The professor is trying to find ways to protect children from being sexually abused. The whole thing is being taken out of context and used for political gain by people who are either malicious or bandwagoners. It's basically cancel culture.

they are a criminal justice and sociology professor that does research on pedophiles who havent committed crimes yet, and from that research they (and other researchers) have found that there is a "stigma" against pedophiles going to therapy. Therapy stops them from sexually abusing children. The professor is not advocating for pedophilia to be normalized, they are advocating for the protection of children by stopping pedos from abusing them. It's basically just a whole bunch of out of context stuff. If you actually looked up the professor's research you'd see what they're really doing.

therapy for a mental disorder is already normalize what are you talking about? 

wait so your saying the professor is actually trying to stop children from being sexually abused, by trying to push for a politically correct term for pedophile?

they aren't pushing for the term to be used, I'm assuming they only use it in their research papers because using "pedophiles" over and over looks bad.

Edit: Check the other post about this in this sub, it has a comment that explains it better than I do

They are pushing for the term, by actively using it...No one uses the term MAP in society or academic circles. 

They arent using it just because using pedophile over and over again is bad. They believe in the term and actively push for it. In the video, there is a logo of an organization in the bottom right hand corner. the organization is prostatsia which is a pro MAP organization that isn't recognized as a legitimate organization by the United States government.

The organization was interviewing the professor based on their work in the topic. I also just checked their website and they are legally recognized by the government as a tax exempt nonprofit organization.

they are a nonprofit organization. Yet, they also claim to be a [child protection agency](https://prostasia.org/). problem with this is that [they arent officially recognized within the list of recognized organizations ](https://www.justice.gov/eoir/recognized-organizations-and-accredited-representatives-roster-state-and-city)

I'm not sure that's the right link, that appears to be under the "executive office of immigration". When you use other websites (including the IRS's) they list it as a child protection agency and show it is a nonprofit

plz work...

grubhub only works for me when i’m trying to order panera, starbucks, or rogers and that’s literally it. it’s so frustrating when i just want to order subway in advance so i don’t have to wait in the line and then it doesn’t work 😐

IT NEVER WORKS

I fixed my Grubhub by removing my campus ID and readding it and also maybe update the app.

Letter from President Broderick stating we'll remain online for the rest of the Spring semester. Details coming in the next 24 hours

Classes online now should just become pass/fail this semester

damn.

half my stuff is still at campus.  guess I’ll be going back down to get it all. 


F for odu inn gang

So much for my walking across the stage at graduation

Welp rip my freshman year

This sucks. I intentionally take classes in person because I'm terrible at online classes. Nose to the grindstone time.

Thought the same thing when I read that. Got an email with a survey as well from the engineering department.

Yeah same, thankfully I don't have any really intense classes this semester but still

The survey about online classes?

Yeah, asking about online classes we’ve taken in the past and our internet speed

Update for Active Shooting Threat

I overheard someone refer to ODU as a "PAWG Campus". What does that even mean?

Its POG not PAWG, two very different acronyms

phenomenal at witnessing greatness

Previous comments are misleading. Just Google search "PAWG" and then you can draw the conclusion yourself that they mean it is a campus with a high population of PAWGs. "POG" in reference to "Person Other than Grunt" in the military is pronounced differently (pronounced like Vogue but with a P) and completely irrelevant here. Essentially, by saying ODU is a PAWG campus, they are saying "there are many Caucasian women on this college campus who have large butts." This is the only truth and it is complete. You have my word.

PAWG = white girl with large butt. I think they may be confused tho because the PAWG population around here seems rather moderate/average to me compared to other universities.

what. is pog

Where they be at?

I believe the term became popular due to a streamer? Its "play of the game" or POG I believe

cults and conspiracies course is anybody enrolled in that religious philosophy and received the cryptic message from professor and then he was removed from the university and now it’s week 5 and we still haven’t been assigned work nor a professor ? 
like lol who should i contact

at first when i told my parents they were like “maybe that’s the conspiracy” about the ai stuff, and then weeks went on the message disappeared so i got no clue anymore. 

i think i found him on instagram (cultofmoody) and he is casually doing stand up comedy shows?? instead of fixing his course content??? yeah im not sure what’s up ahah 

im having a nice break with no homework for that class but kind of disappointed because of #1 paying for the course but #2 the chance of not receiving the credit 🙏

okay sorry last thing… this was in the syllabus for the class. he truly only talked about ai, but this was the vibe for all his messages

“The honest truth is whatever you are majoring in right now, jobs are likely not going to exist in that field by the time you graduate due to technological advances. Tech bros have deemed most management jobs to be eliminated by 2035, which means they are really looking at 2030, which means someone is going to start by 2028. This course is just to give you a basic skill set so that when you interact with tsunami of information dumped on you every time you look at a screen you can just stop the chemical reactions (emotions) that trigger you into some sort of knee-jerk reaction and so you can make a clear decision and just move on with your life and not spend hours doom scrolling and not getting out of bed because some people with no personalities on the internet want you to feel bad about the fact that there’s something going on somewhere that you have absolutely no control over while they get paid by the creator fund and try to sell you some crappy Etsy art or coaching program  on becoming a doom scrolling algorithm mainlining coach of coaches yourself while twirps like Mark Zuckerberg buys gold chains and MMA sessions with the billions of profit he makes of selling the data from your phone to corporations and governments and pseudo spiritual coaching guru grifters pulling you into their Multi Level Marketing cults.”

cryptic message??

Did  you talked to someone at ODU?

Wait, please tell me more, spill everything?

Damn. I was interested in taking that class next semester. Hope it all works out

I took Moody’s C&C course a couple years back. Seems he’s gotten.. worse? More over the bullshit? Idk, while I 100% believed there’s solid merit to a lot of what he says, his personality is not that of one that adheres to a teacher’s disposition showcasing their desire to disperse knowledge, so if he got sacked over being “too much” or whatever, I can’t say I’m too shocked. He really didn’t /teach/ me anything. I see he still puts a lot of emphasis on mis/disinformation, that was the bulk of his “teaching”, just warnings about the internet being a cesspool and how to navigate that successfully-ish. What’s new lol. Apart from that, his course was literally nothing but recorded rants having zero to do with lessons, not that there were any, and he assigned fairly easy papers in terms of theme, citation and source formatting. The first assignments didn’t pop up until sometime in October if I recall correctly. Easy A. Don’t be fooled though, if that syllabus pull really is his words, he’s right and we’re mostly fucked because the job market in America -is- going to inevitably change for humans due to ai advancement. I’m working towards more than a degree, you should be too. Look around for a minute and you’ll see the college degree just doesn’t hold up like it used to. We value entertainment today, not scholarship, just look who gets paid more. I don’t think Kai Cenat or IShowSpeed have degrees, feel me?

wait lowkey i read this back and didn’t realize we got the teacher unassigned??? wtf portal and canvas says melissa bergeron

he was saying something about how professors here are narcissistic that steal his course content and that everyone who like works at odu is going to have their job taken over by ai or sum idk it was crazy

yes and saying how ai is dangerous and how odu is being to compliant with it. he said ai will eventually take everyone’s job

omg i’m going to post the message he left he basically said Odu is compliant with AI and how Ai will kill everyone and take their jobs

omg i’m going to post the message he left he basically said Odu is compliant with AI and how Ai will kill everyone and take their jobs away

I also took moody’s course a couple years ago and he definitely got worse it looks like. i know he was dealing with a lot of health problems which could be a reason for the erratic behavior but not all of it

i reached out to the head of the department like two weeks ago and they told me a professor was being assigned the following week and the course would be running ….it doesn’t seem like they know what they’re doing

WHATT lol that’s crazy, im in the cult and conspiracy class but its in person

right?? i know i thought bro was going crazy 😭 we finally got assigned a new professor and she sent out a normal message as of like 2 hours ago

Did anyone else get this email deactivation email ?

Looks like a scam

I’ve been getting them for months. Contacted ODU and they said it was a scam.

Still get them from time to time but definitely a scam for sure.

I’ve been getting them for a couple weeks, it’s phishing.

I have got like 4 of them this week lol

It is a Phishing scam. This has been confirmed with ITS. There have been a lot of these going around the past month or so.

This is definitely a scam, I got a similar one in the fall

ye i have gotten like 50 ite so annoying

It’s phishing. Don’t do it n

yes its fake I've been getting them for a while. even of your odu access really was about to expire, they would not delete your account/data. its a service odu pays for and microsoft wants you to continue using it and paying for it yourself at full price once you graduate. they'd just lock you out til you bought a personal subscription.

Yes, I got one today actually! I usually just delete them.

it’s spam/phishing. i’ve been getting like one a week since december. i just forward them to it and forget about it

Maybe don't doxx yourself on Reddit

I have as well and assumed it was a scam.

Its scam stop falling for these. ODU will NEVER ask for your password nor information we can easily pull with a click.

There have been a lot going around its spam. Shows how good the computer and cyber programs are, when the school gets this much spam

odu really needs to do something about these constant scams, it feels like everyday im getting these emails

The IT at ODU is trash. So many scam emails. Just delete them continuously and attempt to block. They send all kinds of stupid emails and nobody in IT seems to care to try to fix it.

The scammers are so lazy they can't even put the university name in the email

I got one each day the past 3 days, let's see if I get one today too lmfao

If they ever deleted your account, it would have the ODU logo in the email not master hand pointing to a form to give out your credentials.

I didn’t

This 👆


Wish we could pin this comment or make it a community rule.

It makes me question what those cybersecurity people are doing lol

Ok good. I saw the @odu.edu suffix and thought that was you. Normally phishing scams have weird email addresses, not actual domains like the one here.

Trust me I debated becoming the mod for this sad subreddit lmao. Still debating on applying for it again through Reddit support. Anyone who falls for it…. Belongs here

Yeah that’s who the email came from that’s why I was confused this time lol. Most of the scams I get come a Gmail account.

Jacori probably fell for one themselves and now scam messages are being sent from their address.

Yeah that's what I assumed too, rip that dude

Grad School Applications I have been impatiently waiting for a response for my grad school application. It’s been over 4 weeks since the deadline and I’d applied early. 

I wanted to reach out but didn’t want to say the wrong thing, make a bad impression, seem pushy, etc. 

After seeing someone else’s Reddit post about touching base and getting accepted that day, I decided to send an email. Boy, am I glad I did. They responded quickly, got me to the right person, and we got the ball rolling. Apparently, even though the portal said everything was turned it, something was wrong with my transcripts and my application couldn’t be processed. I’ve sent them in again and get to resume my waiting. 

All this to say, if you find yourself in a similar situation, send the email or make the phone call to follow up.

I just had a similar situation finishing grad school! I submitted my portfolio and waited.... and waited... and waited.... and it came to about 4 days before revisions were due and I reached out because if I required revisions I would need time to complete them. It turned out that my portfolio had been assigned to a reviewer who normally does a different segment of my program who submits portfolios to a different link, so she thought I just never did the portfolio. My portfolio was graded and they let me know that I passed within the hour. Thank goodness I said something! It's definitely hard to send the email because you might think that you're bothering someone, but they make mistakes sometimes too and you may be helping them :)

I have bugged the program director and admissions (twice) to make sure my package was complete and in all the right statuses.  Originally, I had applied for the Fall semester but moved it to this Spring.  Anxious to hear back but I no longer think it’s appropriate to follow up.

Can I ask what program you applied to, and how you figured out who to reach out to? I’m trying to be chill since I feel like the Thanksgiving holiday maybe threw off the four week count. But also, I applied with unofficial transcripts and want to be sure I’ll have enough time to get them my official transcripts if I’m accepted.

(and also I am not chill so)

If it's been a while since you submitted the package, I think you should. I applied months after the deadline for fall and got in. I realize spring is only about a month away. They're there to help you get in and get situated!

MLIS. 

When you submit the application online, you get that email and it says to call or email if you have application questions. I just sent the email there and they forwarded me to where I need to go. 

I have no chill either, so I’m with you. Also, I applied with unofficial transcripts too.

Submitted Oct. 31 but didn’t switch to spring until Nov 14th. I am really itching to check in but I will likely hold off until next week.

I was MLIS as well! They have had some staffing changes recently with the previous program director retiring and the person in charge of portfolios stepping down. Checking in is probably a good thing, since a few folks in charge are pretty new in their positions. That was actually the case with me quite a few times throughout the program. A class I completed showed as incomplete in DegreeWorks months after I finished it, my portfolio reviewer didn't grade my portfolio because I (gen librarianship) was assigned to the school library reviewer, I got docked points on a paper for submitting late even though I submitted about 2 weeks early... It's a great program but I did need to check in a few times.

Unofficial transcripts were fine when I applied, and they sent an email after I was tentatively accepted with instructions on sending official transcripts. Lindy Brown was extraordinarily helpful along the way, and I reached out to her multiple times throughout the program just to make sure I was on track. 

I generally found the program to be extremely relaxed on due dates (ie: the deadline for fall admission was March 1 and I applied May 17) so I'm sure after you deal with these application hoops (and maybe send one more "circling back" email, lol) you'll be in and well on your way to the degree :)

I just checked my email from when I applied. I applied on May 17 2023 and received my acceptance offer on May 27, so only 10 days, if that is helpful at all. With Thanksgiving break in the middle of your application timeline next week is probably about when I would check in too :)

Refunds Anyone know when to expect our financial aid refunds??

Sincerely a very broke grad student 🥲

I believe tomorrow should be the day! I saw someone else mention it on another post up here, and it’ll be a week from classes starting. (Don’t quote me on that though, I also desperately need my refund 😭)

FinAid office told me August 15 in our last email.

I called this morning because my broke self thought funds being disbursed on the 15th mean they’d go to my bank then (like at previous schools), but the finance office told me that it “begins the process” of disbursement. She said it could take up to two weeks, but rarely ever does. She also said to watch your account statement. When the negative amount—the amount to be refunded—is cleared to $0.00, it means the money left ODU and is en route to your banking account, which depends on your bank as to whether it is held or not.

I feel this post in my soul! At least they start applying the funds tomorrow. Regardless, I can’t wait.

that last part is so real

Was falsely reported using AI on a paper in a class I recently had a professor tell me my essay  I submitted appeared to have a significant amount of content generated by AI technology, which counts as cheating. So the professor said she was obligated to report it. I 100% did not use any AI, so I don’t know if this is a situation where the detector is just wrong or what, but I seriously do not know what to do and I am so stressed out. I don’t want to be in trouble for something I didn’t do and I don’t know how to properly defend my case. 

I read online that AI detection is extremely finicky and new and that it can falsely identify AI usage in papers, I just didn’t expect this to happen to me. 

Anyone have advice?

Some random advice from an alum:

Don't panic.  This is going to be a pain in the ass and nobody needs this kind of pain in the ass this late in the semester, but here we are.

Between you and the prof, only one of you knows for sure whether or not you used AI on your paper.  Hint: it isn't the prof.  The prof used a tool with an unknown probability of getting it right.  Odds are very good they didn't develop it themselves, don't understand how it works and are operating based on marketing claims from TurnItIn or some service like that.  Every bit of your defense in this needs to be directed at making the prof prove how reliable the tool is and chipping away the university's confidence in it.  If the prof decided this without machine assistance, they need to be made to detail their methods and provide an analysis of how they reached that conclusion.

Consider dropping the computer science department a line and asking if one of the faculty would be willing to be an advocate for you.  There will likely be someone there who's studied this stuff and can help drive the uncertainty point home.  Having someone on the faculty in your corner will lend some additional gravitas to your arguments.

Good luck, and let us know how this turns out.  If you're the first to have been wrongly accused of this, the process may take awhile.  If you prevail, it may set a precedent.

False positive rates are a real thing. The AI detection software claims to get it right most of the time, but this is hard to confirm. Most human generated text has significant numbers of errors (grammer, spelling, punctuation) and is therefore very easy to classify. How the companies get their published rates is not clear. As writing gets better (fewer errors), includes a more common vocabulary distribution, or includes more commonly quoted phrases the possibility of false positives goes up. The false positive rate on well written, human-generated text has not been reported, as far as I have seen. In other subreddits many professional writers have said the classifiers flag their writing as likely AI-generated.

If your paper was written on google docs, you should be able to access the activity log and show that to your professor. Human written text verse cut-paste-revise text will have very different activity profiles. If you used Word or another program, then I think you have to manually turn activity tracking on, which most people don't.

If you don't have an activity log for the assignment, the best you can do is explain to your professor what you did, and if you have other samples of your writing, provide those for comparison. Be direct and don't lie.

Decent background:

[https://www.timeshighereducation.com/campus/ai-text-detectors-stairway-heaven-or-hell](https://www.timeshighereducation.com/campus/ai-text-detectors-stairway-heaven-or-hell)

I plugged your initial post into OpenAI's classifier (AI detection software) and it came back as "likely AI-generated".  \[Note: I had to double paste since the classifier requires 1000 characters\]. Take a few of your other writing samples and check them. Show your professor the results.

[https://platform.openai.com/ai-text-classifier](https://platform.openai.com/ai-text-classifier)

A.i. detection tools aren't even good currently,  this is likely a cop out for teachers to lighten the workload. Aka lazy teachers.

   Quite simply put these "a.i. detection tools" consider the declaration of Independence as ai created...  

demand to know what was viewed as ai and ask what non existant tool they are using . It should be quite easy to dispute if legit.

Did you make it in google docs? I think it has a document history with dates and times that might be able to prove you wrote it.

I'm a pliny.app developer for reference

The pipe finally burst at Powatan 2. It's been leaking for a while. They also sent an email THIS morning saying they were going to fix it at 9 am Tuesday.

Is this why it smells like shit

Nah that's just Norfolk in general

Hey ODU! There has been an increase in overdoses lately! :( A LOCAL nonprofit wants to make sure you're safe. If you live in Virginia and are struggling with substance use or if you know someone that is, we will send you a FREE opioid overdose reversal kit. BE PREPARED. YOU COULD SAVE A LIFE! # Overdose is now the number one cause of death in Americans under 50.

In 2018, there were 1,193 opioid-related overdose deaths­­ in Virginia. Together we can change this!

We offer FREE OPIOID overdose reversal medication, supplies, and training. There is no stigma. It will be mailed to you for FREE. We are willing to ship the supplies to anywhere in VIRGINIA. Please, pass this message or the link along to anyone you know that may be struggling or anyone that knows someone that may be struggling with opioid addiction. Anyone who may encounter someone that uses opioids should order one, as well. BE PREPARED. You could save a life! <3

Our organization has over 500 reported reversals so far with the Narcan/naloxone that we have supplied. That is almost 500 lives saved and we know that the number is likely much higher as many reversals go unreported...

Just take a short training and answer a few confidential questions at the link below:

[https://www.naloxoneforall.org/caf](https://www.naloxoneforall.org/caf)

We have been verified as legitimate by a trusted news organization (wusa9):

[https://www.wusa9.com/article/news/verify/verify-free-narcan-opioid-overdose-reversal-kit/65-f40ffb3d-77c2-498a-8cea-1e1daadadaaf](https://www.wusa9.com/article/news/verify/verify-free-narcan-opioid-overdose-reversal-kit/65-f40ffb3d-77c2-498a-8cea-1e1daadadaaf)

Please feel free to share! thanks!!! Stay safe everyone! We appreciate you!

What’s the strange bridge thing over the main road of your campus? Hey everyone. 

I’m visiting ODU this week and I’ve noticed a strange white bridge running over the main road that passes through campus. It has a sign that says Old Dominion University, but the whole structure looks kinda ugly — if they wanted to make a sign I think they could’ve done a much nicer one for much less money.

Anyway, does anyone know what this thing is?

It’s a maglev track. It never worked. 

https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.governing.com/topics/transportation-infrastructure/gov-maglev-train-old-dominion-university.html%3fAMP

The failed monorail. Aka, the monofail.

There was an engineering club working to restore it and get it working at one point I think but they stopped

Ever see the Simpsons "Monorail" episode? It's basically that.

It’s not that it never worked; they just decided to make a really expensive umbrella instead

IIRC there was a 3rd party company that was supposed to assist with development, but they basically took the grant money and immediately disappeared or went bankrupt or something. 

Still have no idea why they just haven't just put a roof on it and used it as a walkway covering. Can't be that expensive.

The monorail is too outdated to use with current systems, and ODU isn’t going to waste any money remodeling it or removing it

man we right in the path of this mf

That’s an old map, this is the one from today. (https://www.nhc.noaa.gov/storm_graphics/AT05/refresh/AL052019_5day_cone_no_line_and_wind+png/152656_5day_cone_no_line_and_wind.png)

Please let this hit us I’m tryna go home for a bit

I've lived here for over 20 years. When we do get hit hard, it's almost always because the storm stays out at sea before making a hard left into us. When it comes up the coast like that, it's usually a tropical depression at worst. Things might still get closed down, in the interest of preparing for the worst, but it's almost never terrible. We'll get flooding, but probably not a lot of wind damage.

That's not to say it *can't* nail us, I'm just giving my experience.

This probably isn't true, but I've been here 5 years and I feel like we've been hit by something every Fall semester.

Welcome to Hampton Roads...

it’s not gonna hit us :/

ah I see.  we’re still in it though

upvoted for visibility

90% of these storms turn last second. Never really worry about it for every one Isabel there’s 35 that turn right and nothing really happens.

Lifelong Southeastern Virginia resident (50+ years) here ....
Hurricanes in Southeast Virginia cause destructive flooding and wind damage, not to mention threats of tornadoes along with them.  Erosion along the coast, and deadly storm surge.

I remember we my freshman year(2011), we had a welcome week that was cancelled because of a hurricane but I don't remember anything significant after that

Pretty much the beginning of every Fall and Spring semesters we get hit by something. Either a hurricane in September or a snowstorm in January. It makes settling into the new semester all the more difficult haha

Possibly.

I remember that. My move in was delayed and everything was basically canceled for new students. It was interesting

Join us today to play Magic

Sick!!! I haven't played in forever, used to play standard back in high school, but can't justify that kind of money on cards anymore. Do you guys allow proxies in decks?

Proxy away, just make them readable. You can use stuff like mtgprint or just make them yourself. We are proxy friendly here.

Rogers east 1st floor water fountain has mold growing on the bottle spout

I recommend contacting Facilities about it: https://www.odu.edu/facilities/maintenance

I work in facilities. I let the director of housing maintenance know and they are sending someone to look at it. Please still submit a work order for accountability and tracking.

[deleted]

Thanks

Just posted a pic and am making a report right now

Ill attatch pictures today. The screenshot was because it was funny

ODU launches nutrition institute to reshape medical education and curb chronic disease

ODU Bookstore having a big sale until Friday ODU is changing contractors for its bookstore on Monarch Way. The last day they will be open is Friday. All apparel is 50% off and there is a lot left to choose from. They are closed Thursday due to holiday so today and Friday are you last chance to get steep discount. 

Once Friday comes, the will empty the place and a new contractor will take over operation of the bookstore. It will be run by Barnes and Noble.

Thank you! Do you know what time they close today and Friday?

This was last week. They closed on June 20. Sorry.

KMS🫠

If anyone lost a set of keys on a Seattle seahawks lanyard, I turned them in at the Batten Arts academic Advising desk I know this sub doesn't have a ton of members but figured I'd post just in case.

SOOO do these people know what "from the river to the sea" means???? So for anyone  unaware, people are critizising Israel for "wanting the Palestine state to not exist." This is mostly frown upon because Palestinians deserve to exists. On the opposite end, there is this phrase; "from the river to the sea." This phrase promotes the idea of eliminating Israel as a state completely. Even removing the Jews from the area as well. Kind of concerning to see this NGL.

They actually know what this phrase means. It doesnt mean what you all think. It has never been a call for the murder of all israelis. Thats just something israelis say to americans to justify the genocide of Palestinians. Palestinians are the group that’s indigenous to that area. They wish to be free in the entirety of their home land (from river to sea) and not confined to two small sections of their country. Its a call for the end of colonialism not genocide.

Heres a hot take, 2023 no matter your religion, race or ethnic group everyone sucks. 

- I hate that any criticism of Israeli atrocities = antisemitic.

& 

- I hate that any support for Palestine = Siding with terrorist.  

It’s almost as if there’s nuances in everything except this conflict. You’re either wet or dry. 
 
This reminds me of the months after 9/11 when it was America Good ,Muslims Bad.  I’m sure we can all agree that what came out of  the post 9/11 mindset and policies have not been good for anyone.

Where did you see this poster?

So I did more digging and I don't see this protest registered with ODU??? In fact, some other group has the front area at the same time??? It could be that the place I'm seeing the events hasn't updated yet.

[deleted]

[deleted]

Also does anyone know what organization organized this? It doesn't say on the flyer which is highly unusual for an event/protest that happens in front of the web center.

It's an antisemitic dogwhistle. Same as "there is only one solution" and "glory to our martyrs". That language is pro-Hamas.

They forgot to add the Hamas paragliders at the top of the page. 

I hope all my fellow Jews at ODU are okay and feeling safe right now. If anyone would like to talk I am available. Stay strong. Our grandparents and their grandparents faced the same hatred in their generations, now it's our turn to persevere, to stand up to antisemitism, and to carry the torch of Am Yisrael. If you think about it, one of the things that have kept us together as a people for over 3,000 years (2,000+ in diaspora!) is the fact that someone is always trying to get rid of us. It draws us together and makes us unite as a people. 

And for those confused as to what the phrase "From the River to the Sea" means,   
It's a call for the destruction of the state and people of Israel. You know, a literal genocide. Which is exactly what Hamas has called for in their founding charter. Not just the resistance against the "evil, oppressive Zionist regime", but the slaughtering of all Jews worldwide. Take some time to educate yourself about who exactly these so called "Freedom Fighters" are, and what they believe and teach 

[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hamas\_Charter#Relevance\_in\_the\_21st\_century](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hamas_Charter#Relevance_in_the_21st_century)

I'm disgusted and disappointed that in 2023, 78 years after the Holocaust, we have to remind people that Yes, you can still be critical of Israel and not support the literal ethnic cleansing of Jews and Israelis. You can recognize the suffering of innocent Palestinians while still recognizing the deliberate murder of 1400+ Israeli civilians, including women, elderly, and children.

for everyone saying or agreeing that a peaceful Palestinian protest is antisemitic or ignorant, know that you’re supporting genocide and the ethnic cleansing of THOUSANDS of innocent Palestinians, half of which are CHILDREN. you are a coward and don’t deserve anything in life you inhumane piece of shit

Glad to see people at those schools haven’t lost their minds (or at least people on this subreddit)

From the river to the sea Palestine will be free, and “Israelies” will reside in USA or Europe. hope this didn’t get u so offended ☺️🇵🇸

nah both side's bad is a good take. Really both sides are terrible.

My RA posted this in the groupMe

Where do you find the events at?

So apply the meaning of genocide to only one of two not so different actions. Is what Israel doing not genocide?

The public opinion sphere of Israel/Palestine has been changing rapidly ever the course of a month. I'm hopeful that the people who are saying stuff like this are still ignorant of the full complex scale shit show that is the middle east.

I mean it says "a show of black solidarity" so I would imagine it's organized by one of the groups that are centered on the black community.

“from the river to the sea” was first employed by israel to want land across the entire middle east 😂fucking pea brain

stfu pls go get educated then you can come talk

I'm calling out the phrase "from river to the sea" which calls for the complete annihilation of Israel. I did not mention anything else in the main post.

Yeah I'm sure you had the same feelings about all the Jewish children that hamas massacred. Maybe consider the fact that you hating the jews has biased your point of view.

The majority of Israelis are Arabs and arab descendents, so you are advocating for the removal of indigenous people, and believe the minority ethnic immigrant population should "go back to where they came from".

Lmao

Nice, your RA should lose their job.

" I'm hopeful that the people who are saying stuff like this are still ignorant of the full complex scale shit show that is the middle east."

  
You're the one that sounds ignorant. The U.N./pretty much all countries that aren't the U.S. are opposed to what Israel is doing in Gaza. 

You just sound like you're prejudiced against middle eastern people/Islam. You do realize that Palestine existed before Israel right? That land was basically just stollen from them & then there people were oppressed using the weapons the west provided. They just want their land back, not necessarily to wipe out all jews. It just happens that they people who stole their land were Jewish. It's like if a black person mugs you, and then you hate them, you don't hate them because they're black, you hate them because they just stole from you.

I FOUND IT! The LGBT ODU Instagram mentioned @afro.757. So they are the ones who are doing it

Ok so still haven't found the group, but the official ODU LGBT group reposted it on their story...

Yea but I don't know WHICH black organization is doing this.

when we say free palestine, that means breaking the border and letting Palestinians live freely and go where they want  in THIER COUNTRY. we never supported death upon anyone including Jews. U don’t see chants of us yelling death upon them. There’s many clips of zionists wishing death and rape upon all Arabs but no one seems to care abt that huh. Jews and Palestinians lived together peacefully before 1948 and we welcomed them with open arms until they started hogging everything and twisting  the narrative into “promised land”

When have I said I hate Jews😂 look now ur putting words in my mouth and making shit up just like all zionists per usual

Show sources next time you state something

And no i was replying to a comment that said that Palestinians should go to arab countries

Woah, someone who thinks Israel shouldn't genocide Gaza should certainly be fired. Death to all Muslims ? Jews are god's chosen people right ?? Now if anyone says anything against Israel's genocide, they're automatically antisemitic. That's when you know people are just completely ignorant.

All of the U.N. is against what's happening in Gaza, America is the only one who's allowing this, and they even recently said "we do not support Israel killing civilians" because of how bad it's getting.

If you take my wallet from my back pocket and then I punch you in the face, and then you pull a gun and try to kill me, do you think that's fair?

If you happen to be Jewish and I'm Muslim, then is it because you're Jewish that I punched you? Does that mean you're free to kill me?

If you don't understand the analogy in relation to the genocide in gaza, just stfu.

Like in support of it or?

Do they not realize they're advocating for a movement and group of people that would have the LGBTQ+ community among the first victims if there was the opportunity?

This is aside from the fact that rallies like this are strictly anti-Israel, anti-Semitic, and super freaking dangerous. But honestly, who cares? Jews have only lost 6 million plus of their people and anti-Semitic sentiment has increased by about 600% in the last couple of weeks. Nothing to see here. Just more leftist campus political groups trying to persuade kids to be hateful.

Idiots…they’d be the first slaughtered by Hamas

Yeah looking at that that came off a little more smart-ass than I was able to catch at first. I apologize lol

1) a one state solution that you just said is literally impossible. Both sides know that is a literal fantasy. They do not trust each other. That's why people support two state solution over a "unitary" state. It's more likely to make peace. Most people today say "one state solution" meaning only Palestine or Israel as the one in the region. 
2) I do not know who you are, since this is reddit so I can't comment on the "we don't with death". Israeli far right wing often wishes to expand. Meanwhile many Palestinian groups (Hamas and Hezbollah as an example) wish death on Israel. 
3) you got the wrong state. The Jews and Palestinians were fighting before 1948. It mostly started at the British mandate when Jews started to buy land in the area. Then the Jewish migrations continued due to the Nazi's making them flee, then furthermore when the Muslim nations started to attack the native Jews forcing them to flee to Israel for safety.

>we never supported death upon anyone including Jews.

Might want to read the founding charter of Hamas. It literally calls for the slaughter of Jews everywhere. 

>There’s many clips of zionists wishing death and rape upon all Arabs but no one seems to care abt that huh.

I can assure you that no Israeli I have ever met has ever expressed such sentiments. You shouldn't base your opinion on us "evil zionsits" off of selected videos from [goyim.tv](https://goyim.tv). 

>we welcomed them with open arms until they started hogging everything and twisting the narrative into “promised land”

Not true. Over 90% of modern Arab Palestinians are descendants of Arab immigrants from other countries (Jordan, Syria, Lebanon, Egypt) in the 1800s-1900s. Which happens to be the same time Jewish immigration to the land increased as well. Arabs weren't so friendly towards their Jewish neighbors. Not in pre-Israel Palestine, and not in Arab majority countries either. Stop trying to make this a purely "Zionist" issue.

Fascism. 😂😂 that’s what you want

Lol I have yet to meet a person that uses the word zionist as a pejorative and not be an antisemite. Just say you hate jews man.

There are 3.5 mill mizrahi Jews in Israel, so about 40% of all Israelis that are Jews. 20% of the population are non Jewish Arabs, so there's 60%.

Only about 30% of Israelis are Ashkenazi Jews

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mizrahi_Jews

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Israel

No you weren't Einstein, you just posted a comment on its own in the thread

Erm, more like someone who thinks Israelis and Jews should be genocided should lose their job. Defiantly. 

No one said anything about god's chosen people. But thanks for bringing age-old antisemitic points into the conversation, that reveals a lot about your views. When Hamas terrorists invaded Israel and slaughtered innocent civilians, they didn't target the ultra-religious orthodox Jews who believe in the "chosen people" idea. Their victims were anyone who breathed. Peace loving people, activists who believed in peace between Palestinians and Jews, secular people, families, foreigners, Thai workers, tourists, and a significant amount of Arabs as well. 

Really trying to understand your wallet analogy and how it possibly fits into the conversation. I fail to see how its relevant at all. 

>If you happen to be Jewish and I'm Muslim, then is it because you're Jewish that I punched you? Does that mean you're free to kill me?

If you know anything about Hamas, you'd understand their legal founding charter calls for literal genocide. Not against evil Zionists, but against Jews. Jews anywhere they may be. It is precisely because we are Jews, and only because we are Jews, that they want to kill us. This isn't exactly news. So yes, the state of Israel has not only the right, but the obligation and duty to protect innocent people against genocidal jihadists. Would your country do any differently? 

You toss around terms like "genocide" while ignoring the actual calls for genocide against Jews. 

Now, please enlighten us all, what's your solution? Should Israel cease to exist? What should happen to the millions of people who live there? Maybe the  Arab countries who persecuted them and kicked them out will take them all back? Maybe the Austrians, Poles, and Germans who forced the Ashkenazim out of their homes and into camps will give them their houses back? 

Does Hamas have immunity because they hide in urban areas? Do you think the Nazis should of had immunity because they hid in Dresden? Was the allies activity there a genocide, since German civilians died? 

Please, please, instead of spouting antisemitism and selective virtue signaling, show us what the answer is. What would your country do in Israel's situation?

You can't 'genocide' something.

Yes in support.

They are what’s called “useful idiots” it’s sad. It’s not right to support hamas or the tension with Palestine the only correct thing is to push for piece between neighbors

My comment probably sounded the same way after rereading lol

Imagine saying thing you know nothing about, you do realize that Islam is based on Judaism.  It's only after the jews started taking land that war broke out. Now, they're pretty much taking whatever they want. The main targets by Hamas were the settlements Israel kept building. And by the way, Hamas isn't a military/government, they're a terrorist organization of about 30k in a country of around 2 million, they're not doing shit. If Palestine had an actual government & military, that's not what they would want.

Ironic.

How to file a complaint about an instructor? I am an international student. One of my instructors this semester is rude and unprofessional, questioning my English ability while I was politely asking his question. Maybe other parts of the world speak English differently than the United States. 
By the way, he doesn’t sound like a native English speaker. So I have no idea why he said this to me. Feeling offended and it is discrimination to international students.

Is there any formal way to file a complaint on this situation? THANKS!

https://www.odu.edu/life/support/student-outreach/scr

By the way, I dropped the class. I believe I cannot get a good grade even if I work hard in his class.

Not the first rude and unprofessional professor I've encountered or heard about. I'm sorry that happened to you.

Sorry this happened to you. Where are you from, out of curiosity?

I would also try to get it on recording if possible and if nothing comes from the formal complaint take it to the dean of the college

The question is, after he saw my email about homework question, he directly called me, yelling “DID U WATCH THE RECORDED LECTURE, YES OR NO?” That is very unprofessional and rude. Also, I cannot record the phone call.

It is I agree with you. I would try and contact the dean of the particular college this class is in regarding the matter. For example if it's a literature course, contact the dean of the college of Arts and Letters and file a formal complaint

Thanks for your advice

Your flex points, hand them over.

What flex points? I burned them all eating way too much Cane's

No use now, considering campus is closed

Can’t Panera has all of mine

ODU's historic day! Wins the Popeyes Bahamas Bowl

After looking at some photos of the weekend's parties.

Econ Majors No 8 Week Option I’ve had enough with ODU and this BS I am an Econ major and currently they’re no Econ classes available that I need for the first or second half of fall which will delay my degree completion for an entire semester. I will be transferring ASAP.

Oh trust me, with whatever is going on it's better to not expect a good form of education at all from the University. Given the state of administration and their obsession of making the once esteemed University into a money milling machine

I just had a registration meeting with my advisor and some of the core classes (tled) for my major (education) are still not available. My advisor told me that they told her that 'the classes should be up soon' but she basically said she didn't know what soon was for them and to just keep checking. The people in charge of the 'seamless' (forced) transition to 8 week classes really dropped the ball and should be ashamed. Almost none of the required paperwork has been adjusted to reflect this change and it's falling to the students to figure it out.

The Econ program legit sucks at ODU I transferred into Biology as the BA program collapsed under me a few years ago. Look into a guaranteed transfer contract with the community colleges. That’s a guaranteed path to transfer to UVA or William and Mary for better Economics programs.

ODU is playing with fire 🔥 let’s see how their enrollment and retention plays out in this disaster

It's not just Econ. They screwed up the online formatting for all depts I think and are working on updating scheduling. It would have been so considerate had they mentioned this ahead of time. We had an email sent out from the education dept heads after they got snowballed with emails because most of us can't register for any of our classes since they're not posted for registration. Supposedly, you register for these 999+ seats and multiple professor classes and get randomly assigned closer to the start of the term 🥴

§ 23.1-407.1. Admissions applications; criminal history. “§ 23.1-407.1. Admissions applications; criminal history.

A. No public institution of higher education shall (i) utilize an institution-specific admissions application that contains questions about the criminal history of the applicant or (ii) deny admission to any applicant solely on the basis of any criminal history information provided by the applicant on any third-party admissions application accepted by the institution.

B. Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection A, any public institution of higher education that requires each student to enroll in the Reserve Officers' Training Corps (ROTC) as a condition of enrollment may inquire into the criminal history of any applicant prior to the applicant's receiving a conditional offer of acceptance to determine his eligibility to accept a commission in the Armed Forces of the United States.

C. Nothing in this section shall be construed to prohibit a public institution of higher education from inquiring into the criminal history of any individual who has been admitted to but has yet to enroll at the institution. Any public institution of higher education may withdraw an offer of admission to any individual whom the institution subsequently determines to have a criminal history that poses a threat to the institution's community.

D. Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection A, a law school of a public institution of higher education that is accredited by the American Bar Association may inquire into the criminal history of any applicant to determine whether the applicant appears capable of being admitted to the bar. Any such law school shall inform applicants that the existence of a criminal history will not, by itself, disqualify an applicant for admission.”

https://law.lis.virginia.gov/vacode/title23.1/chapter4/section23.1-407.1/

Posting since there is discussion about the law pertaining to the recent request for criminal history from university. 

It seems the school has no ability to legally compel student already enrolled to divulge this information. This does not mean they cannot require students to do this through the student conduct codes. This is likely why they were extremely vague in the email.

Example:

“Am I required to answer? What happens if I don’t?

We are confident that students will recognize the importance of this matter to our safety on campus.”

The question is do the current student conduct codes cover this? If not will they undertake the effort to change it if there is an apathetic response from students and faculty to this questionnaire.

As far as im concerned, my criminal history is public record. If they want it, they can gather it themselves.

Administrators listen to students more than faculty, so if students are opposed they might actually respond.

ODU students, where would you rather eat? I built something for you. (Updated!) 

Hey r/ ODU,

I’ve mapped out Norfolk’s dining scene — the places you actually hit between classes, games, and late-night hangs — in an app I built called **Vota**. The idea is simple: you see two restaurants side by side, pick the one you prefer, and the ranking updates instantly. The more people vote, the smarter the list becomes.

You could, for example, compare **Handsome Biscuit** with **Doumar’s** – two Norfolk staples, totally different experiences, but over time, even places that are worlds apart naturally find their true level in the ranking.

No fake reviews. No influencers. No ads. No AI-generated text. Just real votes from real people who actually eat here. No Yelp noise, no Google clutter – just clean, honest comparisons.

The app is free, doesn’t require registration, and collects no personal data.  
Here’s the iPhone version:  
[https://apps.apple.com/app/vota-restaurant-ratings/id6744969212](https://apps.apple.com/app/vota-restaurant-ratings/id6744969212)

And here’s the Android version, since a lot of you asked for it:  
[https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.vota.app](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.vota.app)

P.S. I’m not from Virginia (I live in Gothenburg). I don’t collect data, sell anything, or use AI content inside the app. The restaurants above are just examples, chosen with a bit of AI help. I’d love to see how you — ODU students — would rank your favorite spots around Monarch Way, Ghent, and beyond. I’m posting in other U.S. cities too – just so you know :)

still negative the window for refunds today came and went and I'm still not at zero 💔 ODU run me my money 💔

I work in Financial Aid for a different school. Switching to the new 25-26 FAFSA has been a nightmare. Usually we have about 3-5% of our students who are selected to go through FAFSA verification each year. This year that jumped to 10-15% which is definitely most we have ever seen (after DOE told us it would be less than ever before lol) 

This happened right at the beginning of the term without warning so we are more behind than we have ever been before. We have temp employees coming in to help work through students documents because there are thousands needing to be reviewed but it takes time to get them properly trained. 

They let us know the same thing is happening at all schools across the country right now so thats likely why you are seeing delays.

Thank you for the info! I thought it was just an ODU thing.

I've heard this is supposed to be corrected by tomorrow. Hoping that it's true.

Yup! Newly admitted ODU student and my financial aid was applied on the 13th then reversed on the 15th. Around 8pm Monday night I saw I was selected for verification last minute. Went to the financial aid office yesterday with my required documentation and they processed my verification on the spot, thankfully. My aid has been reapplied as of this morning however I’m not sure how this affects my refund timeline. However I have a feeling my refund will be in my bank account no later than Monday morning lol

tonight’s the night😈😈😈😈 Hopefully we get our refunds tmr 😤😤😤😤

ODU know they need to move a little quicker...this makes day 7 since aid was disbursed and I know for sure in the account summary it says overpayments are issues 5-7days after aid is disbursed! They want us to be punctual with these classes but not with our money.

Bro I’m so ready. I need to get my car fixed before classes actually start 🙄

Hopefully we get the refund tomorrow. My laptop decided to crash on me last night and I'm 100% online! Ugh!!!!!

I think it will be tomorrow. I guess what people meant when they say it comes on the 21st they mean the processing email and the zeroing out happened on the 21st. And then the refund hits bank accounts on the 22. Like that’s how it happened for me last fall. I got my processing email on the 21st and my money was in the bank the next day.

Maybe 6?

Lmfaoo right 😂😂😂it better

Nothin ⏰️

Does anyone know what time they received the email that it zeroed out?

Did u zero out👀👀

Copying from previous post:

I work in Financial Aid for a different school. Switching to the new 25-26 FAFSA has been a nightmare. Usually we have about 3-5% of our students who are selected to go through FAFSA verification each year. This year that jumped to 10-15% which is definitely most we have ever seen (after DOE told us it would be less than ever before lol)

This happened right at the beginning of the term without warning so we are more behind than we have ever been before. We have temp employees coming in to help work through students documents because there are thousands needing to be reviewed but it takes time to get them properly trained.

They let us know the same thing is happening at all schools across the country right now so thats likely why you are seeing delays.

ok dexter

Yes, they do.

This is so ridiculous.

😭

I pray ur right bandie 🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽

I've seen updates run at 8pm before. It's my last semester. Just trying to finish out

😂😂😂😂

Same

Unfortunately, I don't think we're getting it today. I'm thinking we'll get the email and they'll zero out our accounts tomorrow and we will get the refunds on Friday. I haven't had any movement on my account since the disbursement date.

For last year? 8/21 at 4:03p

My last few times: 4:04, 5:03, 4:05, 6:06

No😔😔😔😔 did u?

I apologize if I’m misunderstanding you, but if we’re here because our already verified FAFSAs/loans/grants and resulting tuition refunds have processed for our university and we’re just waiting for the difference of already applied and therefore surely verified funds, what more is there to review? Is this verification of 10-15% a legitimacy review that holds the rest of the student body from their tuition refunds? I dunno the rules.

Exactly 😆

Believe me, I need it too because I need to pay my power bill like I’m already overdue. So I completely empathize.

So it sounds like we will get the email tomorrow and the refund on Friday?

Did you get it on the 20th or 21st?

No luv not yet 💔 last time it came at 5:10pm tho

No you got it right if your funds disbursed and you aren't selected for verification this year then it should just be the process of them sending your refund out. 

We did have a decent number of students where their funds disbursed, then we were notified right afterwards that they actually were selected for verification. School then has to hold the funds until the verification review is complete, mainly because if students don't provide whatever is requested for verification (it can be tax documents, documents confirming identity, or both) then the DOE will order the full disbursement returned to them. 

If school cost $3,000, and the disbursement was $5,000, then the leftover $2,000 would be refunded to the student.

If the school released the refund to a student before they complete verification, and then the student never provides the documents, the school is required to send the full amount back, all $5,000. But the school already sent the student a refund so they have to send the $3,000 used for classes back, and then $2,000 out of the schools pocket since they cant reverse the refund. 

Now the school has to find a way to get the full $5,000 balance back from the student since the classes taken are no longer paid for and the refund amount had to be paid back by the school to DOE. Student cant use financial aid if verification wasn't completed so it turns into a collections scenario which sucks for everyone.

End result is that its easier to hold the whole disbursement, then release the refund once the verification process is completed. 

Tons of students were selected for verification last minute and financial aid departments at schools across the country are struggling to keep up with the sudden doubling of their workload.

If your account looks stuck I would just confirm with them that you don't need to do verification. If not then the department is just moving slow likely due to all the students that are. 

The Department of Education will not tell you of you are selected for verification, they only tell the schools who receive your FAFSA since its viewed as the schools responsibility to handle the process.

SAME

[deleted]

Let’s check back in @530😔

It is 5-7 business days which doesn't include weekends or holidays. Tomorrow is the 6th business day.

Sunday and Saturday does not count it’s business days

Nothing 💔

I think we have to wait until tomorrow.

…see you ain’t even have to embarrass me like that. I see numbers and I run with it everything else in between is considered fine print

ODU Police investigating shooting https://www.wavy.com/news/local-news/odu-police-investigating-shooting/

[deleted]

Bro is onto nothing 😭😭😭

Don’t know why you’re downvoted because it came out that it was in fact… over a female. Suprise suprise

Where did you get this info tho?

[deleted]

People are downvoting because it is obvious you don't really care about the truth. You only care about seeing things and fitting it within your preconceived worldview because it's easy and comfortable for you to do so. There is no available evidence or information about the case that suggests that the reason the shooting occurred was due to the reasons you've stated.

It’s sadly on both sides of the coin not just liberals but you are correct it’s mainly perpetuated with shit hookup culture and the desire to be as “free” as you want to be in university which leads to more drama if they just actually cared about schoolwork and living a better life in society. 

These were workers so it’s a bit different dynamically but still the same concept in or out of education

Awe they’re butthurt and downvoting lmao

Workers at the university? Can you elaborate?

Sad Face

So true 😭

It gets better

A win is a win!

Must have stepped on the seal

No employer will care to ask anyways.

Or will they ask for a GPA lol

4 jobs over the last 10 years. All required a degree. Never been fired or let go. I only left a job for better opportunities. 

Check this out:

Never been asked how long I was enrolled in college. (I took a 3 year break in between) 
Never been asked about my GPA.
Never been asked about volunteer work or extra curricular activities while I was in college. 
Never even been asked show my diploma or transcript. (Although I proudly hang it in my office) 

If you are a straight A student keep it up and make sure you are aware of your own abilities. There is 6 figure salary waiting for you as long as you interview as well as your GPA. 

If you aren’t, never give up because school is nothing like the professional world. I flourish as an employee in the engineering and IT industry yet I was far from the best student in college. 

#Ol’DirtyAlum

Help!

I have nothing

Hahahaha!😂 True!

Lol real

Survival

Dining Hall Rant So a lot of us are paying at least 3k a semester to eat Brod food. I got super bad food poisoning after one visit at Brod and have lost 25 lbs since the beginning of the semester without going to the gym or trying to lose weight just because I don’t want to eat this shit anymore. I can buy a months worth of groceries for what I pay in a week to eat a Brod (I only get 1.4 meals a day at that cost) 
Share your dining rants/horror stories I’m curious

Getting a house and not having a meal plan is like a bit cheaper then living in the dorms and having one. Just gotta wait it out fr brods not the best

Ah man, ate at Broderick all the time when I was a student there. Never had many problems with food, but I had questionable food sometimes. Sucks to hear it still sucks.

my freshman year ( 2021) i had heard that the brod didn’t pass their inspection, and hasn’t in like 3 years. My roommate had pink chicken and my friend had moldy pizza. the brod actually sucks, unless you’re out of flex points or broke. only then are we at a five star restaurant in the city of norfolk 😩

Ate there a few times freshman year and I had hair in my food almost every time

I started eating there in 2020 and the food has just gotten so bad, not that it was anything special back then. I’ve had pink and raw chicken multiple times, hair in my food multiple times, uncooked rice, rotten veggies from the salad bar, I remember seeing a post going around about a bug in someone’s salad. They also don’t have fruit for the dinner time anymore, not that breakfast time has any fresh fruit anyways. The soda machines never have any carbonation in them and they took away the dedicated water line from the main drink area. Half the time the ice machine doesn’t work. And their ice cream machine is either closed or only has vanilla which is low itself. The desserts have started to become the same ones almost everyday. Half the time the menu online is wrong.

fuck brod haha self made meals are the way to go

I'm a South Asian graduate Vegan student, and I live right across campus. I buy my own lentils, grains, etc. in bulk, as well as fresh fruits, veggies, breads. Soo much healthier (and more ethical) than eating the JUNK on campus.

Fr I had food poisoning last week and it just made me not want to go that dining hall for a few days.

brod is still leagues better then rogers lol

same. i was eating there from 2019-2021 and never had any issues. idk why people are having problems all of a sudden. or maybe their guts are too sensitive lol

Cooking your own food is leagues better aswell, rice and eggs literally outranks everything put out from brod

You've obviously never had a 1am Rogers quesadilla

I haven't. they are only open 5pm-9pm on weekdays...

Gotta love professors who don't open canvas when class offically starts Title. Today second session of summer class starts. My one class that is this weird class zoom thing hasn't opened yet. Class offically starts in 3 hours. I am supposed to go to some room in Virginia beach and sit in a room while the professor zoom calls in. What I am hoping, like the last class I had like this, is that I can just zoom on my own laptop and not drive to this random building and sit in until 10 PM. But the professor hasn't opened canvas yet so guess I'm stuck going there.

I've had not one but two professors who never activated their canvas at all, or Blackboard I guess since it was before we switched. Did everything on paper or through direct email. One never even bothered to tell us our final grades he just put it into Leo and went MIA.

Did they open it now?

All professors have at least one boss.  Email their department chair and let them know what’s going on.

He did a little under an hour before class started 💀

ODU reputation I’m considering transferring here but my family says it has a bad reputation and won’t be as good as other schools, like VCU, for networking, internships, job hunting, etc. Is this true? I’m looking at the communication program.

Firstly, they're both regional state schools, so the reputation will extend not much further than Virginia. VCU, JMU, ODU, GMU all kinda fit in this same category in my opinion.

William and Mary is a public "Ivy" and therefore has more clout and UVA and Virgina Tech are Tier 1 universities that have clout that extends outside of the region.

If I were comparing the regional U's together I'd say the three main things to consider are:

1) What kind of environment do you want to be in --i.e. what type of location is the campus in? 

2) What do you want to study?

3) (somewhat related to 1), what types of activities do you want to get involved in during your free time?

The good thing is so long as you do well in one of these (or in a regional community college) you can pretty much guarantee a transfer acceptance to any of the others. So, if you're not sure what to do, pick the school with the least cost (to both time and money--e.g. if your family lives in VB, going to ODU is a lot cheaper than moving to Richmond or Fairfax and commuting back for holidays, etc.)

Some comparisons based on those three points:

1) VCU is in a more "downtown" environment than ODU.

2) ODU has a great (up and coming) Cybersecurity  program or Counseling program for grad school (to give a few examples) and the arts programs at VCU are really good.

3) ODU gives you access to a beach environment; VCU is closer to DC and is more centrally located to mountain trails.

Academically, you should expect similar rigor between each of the regional state schools and, again, outside of VA none of the regional states carry much weight. And for something general like Communications, I'd say it really doesn't matter. One thing to consider about ODU is its connection to the military and defense sector. If that's something you'd be interested in, ODU is the clear choice.

I went to Old Dominion for undergrad and Virginia Commonwealth for my PhD. While the top schools in Virginia are definitely William and Mary, U.Va. and Virginia Tech, I am not dissatisfied with the education I received at either of my schools. Your education is what you make of it, and you have to look at the quality of individual departments more than the US News & World Report rankings that everyone is fixated on every year. Both VCU, and now, ODU, are ranked as Carnegie R1 doctoral institutions — the highest ranking. This means that there is a high level of research activity at the institution. That’s what you want to focus on when choosing a school.

[deleted]

Not a comm major but a transfer student, I’ve had nothing but the best experience here as far as people, classes, and opportunities. But I won’t say that odu is the best with communication (ironically enough)— in my experience, my advisors have always been hard to reach out to along with the odu offices (but I also got here right when covid hit). But that’s been my only downside to the whole school so far, otherwise I love the campus.

edit: as far as not being “safe,” my relatives and friends told me the same thing— that it wasn’t. But since I’ve lived here (for over 2 years now off-campus) I have never experienced anything dangerous or felt unsafe in my environment. Of course, Norfolk is a city, and there are areas that are more prone to violence or crime than others.

Tbh it doesn’t matter where you go to college if it’s not top whatever. Both VCU and ODU are thought of the same when it comes to employers. No one leans either way. But ODU is cheaper

I was an ODU comm major and I think VCU’s program might be a bit better,,, that said anyone that says ODU is a bad school or whatever can fuck off

Are they saying it's bad cause of the faculty sexual assault scandals, or the map scandal, or is it the "cult of personality and patriarchy" stuff? That's just 2021!  Honestly, I would suggest you find the best program you can afford and ignore the media and the school. No one is gonna look at your degree and be like, "nah, we'll go with the guy from ECPI, they're less problematic." Memories are short.

VCU school slogan is, “Where women are women and men try to be.”  Need I say more?!?

The professors here suck. Would not advise coming here.

The school is known for scandals that all seem to be based on fact, but if it is the affordable choice for you, go for it.

Thank you so much for the info and comparisons!

Thank you so much for the input!

This is wonderful!!! I’d be online but the person I’m speaking to said it all applies to me as well. Are there any clubs for online students? Like virtual meetings? Thank you so much for the info!

[deleted]

Thanks for the input!

thanks for the input!

i’m majoring in comm, did u like the program? what r u doing now?

Spoken like a true ODU student.

No, that’s not why!

wow. such cool. /s

What year did you go to ODU & what’s your major? Communications?

You sure that’s not Liberty you mean?

I forgot to mention that I’d be online. I’ve heard similar experiences with advisors at just about every college, unfortunately. Also had advisors with bad communication at a previous college (in the communication department, even!😅) Thanks for your input! It’s nice to hear about the opportunities. My perception was way off because of what others have told me.

Well if those aren't what they were worried about, then the reputation is fine.

Prof who defended pedophiles as 'minor-attracted persons' resigns

Don't let the door hit ya where the Lord split ya.

Just applied

Honest to god dont come until covid goes away odu has been hell since covid

Although different for everyone, bottom line it’s just different with all the regulations and restrictions in place

Agreed. I'm still trying to figure out why ODU Online professors are using covid as an excuse for not knowing how to use Blackboard or teach online. Don't they know that we can see they taught this last term and before covid? lol

Idk, it's been godly for me

Dude the professors are so dogshit rn

Fr?

Update: They're still dogshit and it's answering sooo sooo many questions.

ODU’s COVID-19 cases triple in less than 2 weeks NORFOLK, Va. (WAVY) — Old Dominion University is reporting 51 cases of COVID-19 as of Monday morning.

The latest updates come from ODU’s COVID-19 testing dashboard. This is up from only 16 cases reported on Sept. 2.

Overall, the university has conducted a total of 1,683 tests since the start of fall semester. It is a multi-layered approach to COVID-19 testing, which consists of in-house testing for symptomatic and asymptomatic individuals.

\--------------------------------------------

[https://www.wavy.com/news/health/coronavirus/odus-covid-19-cases-triple-in-less-than-2-weeks/](https://www.wavy.com/news/health/coronavirus/odus-covid-19-cases-triple-in-less-than-2-weeks/)

Any comments on this story and predictions?

I believe that number is going to rise rather drastically. It is very likely that people who were positive and either asymptomatic or symptomatic and just didn't care have been in and out of high-traffic buildings. Students are still getting together for group work and not following social distancing protocols (sitting close to each other and removing masks). 

I hope we can get it under control, but I have already seen how hard people are resisting even the most basic request to keep your mouth and nose covered in buildings, so I imagine we will eventually go the way of many other universities and end up having to revert back to online-only.

Compared to other universities of this size, this is a low number. Though, any number is scary.

To me, the biggest surprise is how few people have been tested. 

[A previous Wavy article] (https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.wavy.com/news/local-news/norfolk/odu-covid-19-confirmed-cases-testing-updates/amp/) includes the COVID dashboards showing other Virginia university statistics. 

ODU is way behind in terms of the ratio of tests to students. As of today:

W&M: 92%  
UVA: 73%  
VT: 37%  
RU: 36%  
VCU: 14%  
JMU: 11%  
GMU: 10%  
ODU: 7%

Makes me wonder how many more positive cases are wandering campus.

Great. I'm going to end up to my entire grad program via Zoom. Fml

Stop going to parties morons. I know for sure some people here are still having them for some reason.

Glad I'm living off campus this year.  It sucks that we're mostly stuck in our homes but at least we aren't as at risk, or that number would be a lot higher.

Also for those of you that don't wear a mask when walking around campus (and I've seen you I know you exist) please stop, you're making everything more dangerous for everybody.

Yeah most non teacher employees are working from home. They know whats coming.

I wish that was an option for all of us! I am able to partially telework, but I am required to be on campus for about half of my workweek. I'm just hoping the precautions I am taking are helping. I am definitely concerned about catching it and taking it home to my uninsured partner.

Parking pass "Rebates" are a fucking joke. I'm sorry, 20 dollars for a 136 dollar pass for only being able to park there half the semester? 

They claim they subtracted "University incurred charges."

What the actual fuck is that and why are students paying for it? Anyone else raising hell over it?

Dude, I get it. Thinking about starting a little support group for all the people ODU parking has violated.

The parking office is just a revanue stream for them🤷🏻‍♂️

Not to mention they have to pay the people who enforce the parking pass junk. 8 dollars an hour to sit in a car. What a dream.

Classes started the end of January and we didn't even get halfway through March. $20 is pretty bullshit.

How do you know how much you got back? Where does that show?

That's bullshit.

I got a whole $10 back so generous ...

Did you pay with a credit card? If so, dispute the charges with them, ask for a partial refund. Seller charges aren't really your concern as a consumer. 

If you don't already own a credit card (debit / prepaid cards don't count), then absolutely get one if you can. Charge disputes, extended warranties, fraud protection (stolen debit card means they drain your account, stolen credit card means they steal from the bank and you're protected) are just a few of the advantages. But be careful about fees, interest, etc. and don't use it as a means to overspend.

20 dollars is definitely insane. We should essentially be getting back half of what we paid, which I believe was 138? Anyway, it seems like they were literally like “here’s 20 dollars, now stfu.” lol

Please

ODU Parking Rape Survivors Group. I fucking hate those meter maids.

They sent an email

Two-Factor Rant This "two-factor" thing that we need to get on blackboard is a little ridiculous. I have to download an extra app on my phone just to log onto my blackboard?? Is this really such a big problem? Why do I have to do extra steps to see homework and grades and my school info, are people really that bad at keeping their info to themselves? Don't make me jump through hoops, going on blackboard is depressing enough I don't want to have 5 steps to just get into my account (in which I have to change my password twice a year).

Yea this is 100% bullshit. I just bit the bullet and got a yubi key

I know. I think they switched it to having to change passwords 4x a year. I just had to change mine and I swear I did in december/january. But anyway, I agree, my phone isn't always on. At least it's only once a week. My bank doesn't even make me do this bullshit.

Yeah it’s annoying, especially because I’ve never even heard of someone having confidentiality issues prior to 2 factor. A couple of other Virginia schools also have it I think, so ODU was probably just hoping on the trend. I know UVA had it like a semester before us

yeah, i know someone who doesn't have a smartphone, just a flip phone that texts and calls, and she only has access to the duo app through her tablet (which doesn't always work). that kind of 2fa really leaves people in the dust sometimes

Complain to ITS, a lot. If they think enough people hate it, they might go away from it. 

That's my plan, at least. Better than ranting to people who feel the same way.

I already had a yubikey and love it but the ODU 2FA system I've used yet that doesn't support firefox which is incredibly annoying.

2FA has been around in the real world for a long time.   Academia is late to the party.

ODU wide receiver Zach Pascal invited to NFL combine

Welcome to ODU. When we cant steal your whole bike...we steal everything else.

wow what a week

Which rack is that?

Its usually the bike seat. Just for kicks

I just got my front tire stolen :(

Whybdo they steal seats?

By the Soccer Stadium entrance on 43rd

Sorry about the news ): I would report to ODUPD

At least you can ride a wheelie everywhere though!

I saw that shit and thought about posting a pic but my phone was dead.

Some ODU pics I have on my phone

These are nice, I especially like #12. I think I can kinda see my house in that one!!

ODU Meet-Up Hey, everyone!  I figured it might be nice to do some sort of meet up during the first week or so of school, especially for the incoming freshman so you guys can get to know a few people.  Would that be something people would be interested in?  I'd need to know when the best day and time would be as well as some things we could do.

I figure some ideas would be just simple lunch/dinner at the caf [I could swipe in 3-4 people without meal plans], lunch/dinner in House of Blue or something, lunch/dinner in the Village or Del Vecchs, the first ODU AfterDark that Friday, or the Dance Party or Block Party that first Saturday.  Those are just a few ideas :)

I'll go if there is some sort of reminder. I have the memory of a gold fish. And I am a bit ODU right now if you know what i mean.... If you don't I'm drunk

Sounds good to me. I'd be up for Webb or Del Vechs. Repost this in a month though so that we remember to do it for once.

EDIT: Maybe crosspost with /r/Norfolk? I know there's some ODU guys on there.

I'd be cool with this. Let's try and plan something! As an incoming freshman who hasn't met anyone ye except for on here I think this is a great idea!

Count me in for a meet up. 

We could meet up at someones house and fire up a grill and have a good-ol reddit cookout? I don't know about you other ODU redditors, but i'm never against some burgers and beers.

Hey, guys! What would you guys like to do? There is a suggested date on Saturday at noon, meeting at the lion.

Ya this sounds fun i  would definitely be down for that

They've tried this before, it still hasn't happened

Sounds neat. Alright, keep us posted

I'm up for it!

Might be interested. As long as no one minds an old grad student (27).

I'm an incoming transfer student. I am down for hanging out before the semester starts if anyone is going to be around campus. I'll be moving into my apartment on the 13th of august.

Totally down.

Sounds awesome

I'd love to meet up. I won't say where I work on here, but look for a hint on my name tag when you're all getting around campus. Chances are you'll come across me. Regarding date and time, I'd shoot for early Saturday night-that way it won't interfere with anyone's classes and of we decide to party later, it's still an option.

How do you know about the block party :O! My group of friends and I are planning it!

Someone remind me and I will definitely be there! Are any one of you girls?

I'd be down too, man.

I'm down.

[deleted]

Totally down! Coming in as a freshman and I'd love to meet people.

Is this still on?

Roger that

Thanks! Doing it now :)

There is a post in the official college reddit meetup day for sept. 15 at Del vecs at 7pm. Me and my two roommates will most likely be there. Here is the link, http://redditgifts.com/meetups/odu-meetup/

As far as other meetups, what are you guys into? Red Dog saloon in ghent has some killer happy hour specials on beer and if your not 21, the $.50 tacos are good on a college budget. Not to mention is just a fun place to hang out. 
Or even just a casual meetup at some place in the ODU village?

Oh, I will make it happen.  I don't care if I show up by myself somewhere and say, "YAY REDDIT!"

I'm down.  You can give us some sage advice on what to do after we graduate.  I graduate at in May and I feel royally fucked.

As a 26-year-old sophomore, I don't mind having someone there who is my own age. :-)

Middle of the month? Sounds like you might be moving into the district...say it ain't so!

Can we have a hint?  This is seriously going to bug me now.

I am :D

No, does anyone have any ideas?

Wow I wrote that quiet well for my state of mind.

Welp. This [image](http://imgur.com/FluxK) has been firmly implanted in my mind...

sigh.

It is so.

Hint: very obvious if you look at my comment history.

[deleted]

Hahaha.  I think if we all meet, I'm going to hold this up so you can find me.

Good luck living there... moving out next week and have lived there for 2 years - went downhill since they opened, such a shame. :/

Hahaha.  Done :P

Sounds like a plan to me :)  I might be late, so I might grab someone's number.  I have a class for Aramark.

To make this a bit more "official" - create a meetup at redditgifts.com
Makes it easier for people to know who's coming and more people can find it. 
I know I'll want to have another once since I am busy that Saturday.

What went downhill? Is there somewhere better?

The whole place - management, maintenance, gym equipment broken, not being allowed in the pool (someone pooped in it once and another poured alcohol and fried chicken in it), smells gross, doors always broken, no notifications on packages, walls are paper thin, robberies, rent too damn high for what you get and constantly going up, charging you fees for things you didn't do, etc.

Shall I go on?

If I didn't have a job or my BF being on base here, I would be more than happy to go back in to the dorms. I can't really say there are too many places super close to campus like the District is, but there were some hopefuls that I was looking into with Meredith Management before I convinced my parents that it would be MUCH cheaper for me to live with my BF (going from $905 to $350 a month is hella better).

Well... I immediately regret my decision. haha

I heard hot people take our Capstone Survey :))))) https://preview.redd.it/qidce4nlo8rg1.jpg?width=500&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=dc15f853eac58eb14ff20db8e43482338024e335

https://preview.redd.it/1xyi7q1ro8rg1.png?width=1728&format=png&auto=webp&s=321743061bc5cf314d0a072941d947768bdf7b54

[https://forms.gle/n212Kh7hzMVZWx7bA](https://forms.gle/n212Kh7hzMVZWx7bA)

Well, joke’s on you. I’m kinda ugly but I took it anyway. So there. 😉

Dont give me false hope :(

Good luck.

That’s so cute. Done!

done!!

Do y'all like what my last meal at ODU was a year ago?

The silverware and real plates impresses!

Lmao those are from the Brod, which also impresses me.

"The Brod supplies"

Can you guess where the blue chair is from?

That's like.. an office chair style I think.

When you go to perry library go in the back that people forget exists

Your name serves you right, you're a wizard

Injured cat on campus If anyone sees, there’s a cat limping around that needs to be caught and taken to a vet. He’s over by the 43rd and elkhorn garage. We tried to catch him but he got away from us and we have class.

Call animal control they can help them or if you think it will end up in a kill shelter contact a on campus rep for animal cruelty they’ll know people. SGA has a meeting at 3pm they’ll know people too

Odu lgbt groups? Hey! Is there any Lgbt/trans groups at ODU? I tried looking at the official sites and none of them seem to be either updated, or like they're actually groups for people to join and more of councils of people for some reason? Idk if im looking in the wrong places or what. But even if there isnt im down to make friends with anyone!

Totally! Check out @odu_q on IG and https://odu.edu/life/support/wgec/lgbt

🙌🌈

recent COVID email. boosters are required and we are starting spring as planned.

Great precaution to keep classes going in person and all heathy and safe!

What happens when everyone catches Covid? I guess it’ll be forced back online then?

What about fully online students?

This is a poor decision and is quite troubling.

probably. Not that many people caught covid last semester from what I remember.

But dam, this current wave is fucking huge in hampton roads. So who knows.

I don't think you're required to do anything if you're fully online. Maybe if you're technically an on-campus student and just taking all online classes

very troubling

[deleted]

Almost every person I know literally has Covid right now or has a s/o or family that has Covid. It’s actually crazy.

Yea Ik a lot of people who got it over break, including myself lol

yoo chillllll

You know that meme from the matrix where the guy is dodging bullets? That's us right now 


I'm suprised no one in my family had died yet. its straight up impressive.

Just checked Covid rates, 18,000 cases in one day in VA.

jesus fucking christ

Subreddit Rules / Establishing More Structure Hey, all you ODU peeps. 

I am one of the moderators of this subreddit. I'd like to add more structure to the subreddit by establishing some basic ground rules and allow you guys, the subreddit users, a better experience here. If you have suggestions that you've seen work in the past, please comment down below. Got an idea of how we can help this subreddit out a little bit? Let's hear it. Comment down below what you guys would like to see and I'll try to make it happen.

A pinned post with threads on campus/related resources would be good, IMO. Maybe a few pinned posts, one for social/entertainment groups/resources, one for academic resources, stuff like that.

Better monitoring of the posts. That dude was posting bullshit about Obama and it was annoying.

Oooo. Another idea. What if we added flairs to better categorize posts? Like: Question, Social, Academic, administration is being a dick again and I need help, etc.

Announcements/ posts about major or interesting events going on around campus, involvement fair, homecoming etc.

No porn? Or whatever that was that got posted the other day

I think we should work on getting more students to join the subreddit.

He's back talking about Nixon.

Yeah working on that. Hoping to have stuff like that removed more quickly in the future.

Almost hit this dumbass on Hampton Blvd

I'm on campus just about every day, and those things and their riders make me so furious. Also, most of them are listening to their airpods or something else and are completely oblivious to the world around them.

I can't believe more people aren't being badly injured.

The problem is not the scooters, it's the riders who fail to understand that just because they're not walking doesn't mean they don't have to follow the same rules.

A solid reminder to be safe on those things.

ODU one of five schools to have a Super Bowl Champion and a World Series Champion this season #ODUFB #ODUSports

From sub shop to Super Bowl: Eagles Longsnapper Lovato becomes first ODU graduate to win a Super Bowl

ODU wins Vegas 16 tournament title with win over Oakland

ODU streaker wins indecent exposure appeal

Why???? Why is my professor grading everything as a zero?? Never happened before! Lol just all these notifications between canvas and outlook :)

I wouldn't worry about it. It's happened to me a couple times before and usually it's the professor messing with the course content or something.

It probably hasn’t been set up well-something the prof will have to fix later.

I believe this professor is zeroing out everything so that when you do complete an assignment you know the exact grade

Ok I’m working and started to get all these notifications hoping for my refund to come through!

I’m in the class and this is what the professor is doing. Doesn’t make the absurd amount of emails any less annoying but I understand the method lol

Timeline for Spring Refund Check 2026! Just making a post where everyone can keep tabs on going to a negative balance, zero outs and any information you may have to share from financial aid/cashiers office. 

Happy Refund! Disbursements start today 1/5.

Need it right NIE! 😭

I was told disbursements do not begin until after the 10th

Received a call back about the hold everyone has on their accounts. Was told that it is a hold put on administratively by the office and that funds will be released next week. That there’s nothing that needs to be done. To just wait at this time.

UPDATE AS OF 01/06: 

Disbursement date has been moved to next week 01/12. Welp that sucks but at least it’s still coming sooner than later. I guess we will start our watch party next week.

how do you see if/when you’ll get a refund

[deleted]

Mine says no payment schedule has been set

Mine says today, but only for my commonwealth grant! I don’t see anything regarding disbursement for loans though.

a lot of students are seeing “disbursement hold” including me. anyone here is seeing the same? people have called but no answer was given and just have to wait till next week.

Fingers crossed

Mine went through yesterday! Waiting on that refund coming email🤓 make sure yall have your bank information updated if you chose direct deposit!

mine says today

Same

You’re an angel ! I didn’t want to call knowing the office would be under so much stress and heavy volume but I was stressed out!

That’s what I’m tryna find out

What can u use the refund money for and do u have to claim it on taxes

my financial aid portal says today

Mine too 😭

When I log in to my financial aid portal. It says “disbursement hold” date posted: 01/05/2026 date expires 01/12/2026 

Anybody know what this means? I’ve never seen it before

mine says today for both

Unrelated but just saw a thread from NYU having the same issue.. wondering if it’s due to classes starting late, maybe multiple colleges are affected by this.

I think loans are disbursed later

It's in the Financial Aid portal, where your offer of grants/loans was. There is a link called 'Payment Schedule'. Edit: That's for disbursement.  
For refunds, it shows up in Bill Payment. Your balance will go negative when the disbursement happens, and then will go zero when the refund is issued.

Anything you want, and no you don’t claim it on taxes :)

I just saw this as well. Wtf.

Same! I emailed FAcounseling about it. Hoping for an answer soon.

Same here, now I’m getting worried…

Mine says the same thing. Ugh!

I just logged on to mine and it says the exact same thing

that make sense. i guess we’ll just have to wait.

Might have a stroke bc I need that asap🤣 this is my 4th semester & this is the first time my account has that on it

Following for updates. I think this is a clerical issue though, just from the amount of people that seem to have gotten that message

same what does that even mean

This is my *6th* semester and is my first time seeing it lmaooo, I knew classes starting late was going to cause a bunch of headaches with refunds

I'm not even convinced it's a clerical issue, more so a communication/timing issue due to classes starting later than previous semesters. Plus the financial aid office often sucks at communication with students lol

Update: I received an email back from the FA office and, though she didn’t explain the reason (of course), she said disbursement is the 12th.

ODU professor receives $2 million NIH grant to improve treatment for deadly brain tumors Old Dominion University professor Khan Iftekharuddin received more than $2 million from the National Institutes of Health to advance AI tools that help doctors detect and treat glioblastoma, the most aggressive form of brain tumor.

His team is developing models that sort through hundreds of MRI images to flag signs of tumor recurrence and identify aggressive subtypes without invasive biopsies.

If anyone needs any mental health therapy, I have some openings! Hello! Just opened my own practice and have immediate telehealth availability. Please reach out if you or anyone you know might need some help!

Just an fyi - ODU students have access to free counseling services: https://www.odu.edu/counseling-services

They do yes! However they only provide short term services.

Interested In Game Design at ODU? Hello! I'm the lab assistant for ODU's game design major and the President of ODU's game design club, here to spread the word about our program! ODU offers both a major in game design as well as a club for students to come together to work on game design projects! If you are interested in learning more about either of these please leave a comment or dm me, I'll be happy to share more info with you!

Honestly I haven’t heard of anyone with this major finding a job in this field. Have a back up or you might be working at Subway.

VERY cool! Could you tell me a little bit about some of the projects students work on in the program, and what kind of events or activities the club typically hosts?

Hit me up with a DM! I'd be down to join the club.

Our major is currently working on two projects. 

Monarch Odyssey is a mobile game inspired by Pokemon Go. It uses real world location but is themed around ODU, the game allows players to explore and learn about different parts of campus.

Net Tech Warriors is a board game themed around cybersecurity. The game is nearing completion and the goal is to have it shipped to high schools to educate and get high school students excited about cybersecurity concepts.

The club has also been working on a game for the last two years called Marinara Sweat & Tears. The game is a food-themed roguelike, like cloudy with a chance of meatballs where everything is food. Food weapons, food monsters, food environments, you name it!

The club meets regularly during activity hours and we also host casual events like movie nights and game nights as well as game design centered events. The biggest event we host is a game jam. We host one every semester, it is a competition where students have two weeks to create a game based around a certain theme. All the students that participate are then able to show off their games at a special showcase event we host.

Aside from these projects, many students in the major / club pursue their own personal game projects in their free time. Many classes in the major have "making a game" as the final project.

About to be a new student at ODU, looking for advice. I am going to be a freshman starting this fall and I'm kind of nervous. If you have any advice on making college friends I would love to hear it as that is what I am most worried about at this moment.

[deleted]

Don't wait for people to talk to you. Take initiative, and if someone is dry, that's on them. Also, don't share too many personal details with new people about life prior to college. More specifically, people don't like to hear purely negative things (if any) about your past, no matter how much they may sympathize with you. Treat ODU as an opportunity to start a new, don't carry your old potential boring social life into this fresh start.

Know people in your classes it's a game changer. Even if it's just 1 or 2 people, it makes a difference when you might be stuck with or need help with something. Be on top of assignments, do them as soon as they are given, and you will never have to submit trash last minute.

Be smart with how you use meal plans and space it out for the week. Ex. If you got 10 swipes a week, use 2 mon-friday and then flex during the weekend.

Game design club is popular and lots of friendly people. Art club is cool too

There’s an event during the first week (maybe it’s the week before) classes start where many of the organizations have a table to kinda advertise themselves. I recommend checking it out!

As for fraternities/sororities, there are Greek (social [this is likely what you are thinking of when you hear fraternity/sorority]), honors (some tied to your major, some not), service (lots of volunteer work), and professional (these are often tied to your major). I love the professional engineering fraternity(Theta Tau) I joined, and still keep in contact with many of my brothers (almost 10 years later!) In fact, a brother helped me land my first engineering job, which got my foot in the door to start my career!

As for making friends, the dorms will have you meeting a bunch of people, and you’ll meet classmates (highly recommended forming study groups regardless of your major!).

If you are in the dorms, I believe (unless they’ve changed the policies) that you are required to get a meal plan. HIGHLY recommend getting the plan with the fewest meals, but highest flex cash (or whatever they call it now). You won’t want to eat at the mess hall 3x/day, and the flex cash is great for mixing it up. And the end of the semester you’ll likely have a bunch of meal swipes left over. If you do, other classmates (commuters especially) would love the free swipe into the mess hall. My brother and sisters used to study in the mess halls to take advantage of the food.

There has been a lot of good stuff on here, but I wanted to suggest something to you that I learned way too late I'm my college career that might kill two birds with one stone with you. 

Study groups are absolute magic. I cannot overstate how much doing this helped me get my degree. You know how they say you don't really know something until you can teach it to somebody else? Well a study group provides you people to explain stuff to in spades. And if you don't know something, boom there's someone right there to explain it to *you!* And I certainly made some friends in the exam trenches this way too. 

But all in all, have fun, be your earnest self and be intentional in talking with folks and I'm sure you'll fall in to a crowd you'll enjoy. 

Also, go to professor's office hours!!! Holy crap I wish I did this more. Unless you got a real stinker professors love talking to and helping students. They are an incredible resource in college and beyond, and one you are paying not a small amount of money for!!!

For your classes, please use ratemyprofessor, it will definitely come in handy for your classes. Best of luck

100% join clubs or student orgs in the coming fall, this is prime time to meet new people and build relationships early in your college journey. 

If it’s your cup of tea, I would say join a Greek org. 

Which ever way you go, you’re bound to find someone like minded.

on a serious note, what are your interests or things about you? i can help advise you to some clubs

There are people in the same boat as you . You will just have to find them . Be out going and don’t be scared of rejection/failure. There was an episode of “King of the Hill” where Boomhauer is showing Bobby how to pick up chicks. Boomhauer got rejected a bunch but kept persistent and ended up getting a number. Give it a watch. 
There are local game shops to support your tabletop interest as well as a club (at-least they were starting one back 2010-2011) . Be careful around 26th and 27th street and don’t walk around with both ear pods in . Keep good situational awareness and you can avoid any trouble the surrounds the campus.

Like everyone else is saying, join groups related to your interests. I know it sounds dumb, telling you to just talk to people-- but it's true. People won't just randomly walk up to you in college. If you don't take initiative, you'll be lonely. There's many many student groups, and oftentimes on the corkboards around Webb or some other buildings there will be posters of current and upcoming events to go to, or clubs to join. Even if it's not something you're particularly interested in-- something new doesn't hurt!

I was extremely worried about making friends due to my social anxiety when I got here but I joined the marching band and a music service fraternity and I have to say that I'm doing better in life than I ever previously was. I've found my place. If you ever want to learn an instrument and join the band, let me know. I'd be happy to help teach you if I have the means.

I made some of my best friends during my time at ODU. I was involved in the campus newspaper, radio station, campus ministries and went to many athletics events. Some of the best times of my life were on that campus.

don’t go here

Thanks for the suggestion! I was looking at the organizations and I'm genuinely surprised that there is no D&D/TTRPG club lol.

thanks man

I thought that game design was only a major lol.

thanks man! I'm not going to be living on campus since I already live 30 mins away so its not really worth it, but I will try to socialize with the people in my classes! I'll check out the fraternities/sororities too, they seem pretty cool!

thank you!

Almost had me for a moment lol. I'm mostly into gaming and the like. I also enjoy writing and drawing occasionally. My main hobbies are paddle boarding and airsoft though lol

I think there are some around but not officially. What are your other interests?

Mostly just gaming and stuff. I sort of like writing and drawing, it's not my biggest hobby. Paddle boarding is what I would say to be a big hobby of mine, and airsoft too.

The ODU Rec Center has really cheap paddle boards for rent, I think like $6 a day. A good option if you can’t bring your own and want to take one out

I'm also into gaming and drawing and writing and stuff, I'm down to hang out sometime if ur okay with that. I'll be a sophomore

One of the best airsoft fields in the country is in Chesapeake (Ballahack Airsoft). It has nothing to do with ODU, but if you will have a car you’ll have plenty of opportunity to meet people at the field on weekends. They usually have hundreds of players. You might be able to get other students interested in going with you. 

You probably already know this if you’re local
to the area but it’s worth mentioning.

dw i got one as a graduation gift.

Have you witnessed something similar?

My mother graduated in 2004 and I used to go to class with her when I was too sick to go to school. I was 8-9 years old, so not at all the same thing, but I’m glad none of my mom’s professors had a problem with it.

That's pretty neat. Same school?

She went to ODU, yeah. She was a career switcher in computer science. I don’t remember the professors.

Take Notes!

ODU plays VA Tech today and “Go ODU” but also. the spread is only 8.5…just sayin’

The spread on ESPN is down to 6.0

ODU 20 VT 17 👍🏻

This [article](https://winnersandwhiners.com/games/ncaaf/9-2-2022/virginia-tech-vs-old-dominion-odu-prediction-4315/) from the oddsmakers says it will be close.

🔥

So I am required to get Covid test before going back on campus. But literally all testing locations in the area are filled. So, is it possible for me to go get testing on campus , go back home, wait for the results, then return back to my dorm after it comes back negative?

So literally 10 minutes after me posting this ODU sent out an email comfirming this lol the timing

they're watching

Is it just me or is the odu internet not working? Lately, the odu WiFi has been acting up especially on the computer.

it was fucking up all last night. kept pissing me off

Same. Here.

It doesn't work at all I use my hotspot

no it’s messed up i had a doctors appointment over internet and i had to cancel it

It's messing up. They're aware. https://status.odu.edu/

Mines keep going in and out

It's pretty messed up, even the ethernet was acting up for me which I couldn't understand

I'm so fucking fed up

Its been terrible all semester

t wast fucking up all last night of all.  hath kept pissing me off

***



^(I am a bot and I swapp'd some of thy words with Shakespeare words.)

Commands: `!ShakespeareInsult`, `!fordo`, `!optout`

Shakespeare-Bot, thou hast been voted most annoying bot on Reddit. I am exhorting all mods to ban thee and thy useless rhetoric so that we shall not be blotted with thy presence any longer.

Powhatan apartments - AC going off during day and heat coming on, melted my milkduds Trying to report this to maintenance (they are off today anyway) but of course I can't get into the system. The AC is going off in my room during the day, and the heat is coming on - got so hot my milkduds melted flat on the dish. Cool air blowing now but sweating like crazy. Glad I was not in here during the day, this is nuts after wearing a mask all day. Rethinking staying in a dorm with this level of craptitude. If not fixed tomorrow I am going to try for a refund and look for an apartment where the landlord is somewhat responsive.

Damn tile requirements

That path looks new

An ODU acting alum is in “The Way Back” with Ben Affleck

r/ODU has reached 1000 subscribers! Congrats everyone!! Let's keep the numbers rolling in!

Is anyone interested in an ODU themed meme Monday or just general picture posting day? Something to share photos or videos of stuff we do on campus or something funny for others to enjoy? Hit me back in the comments if you have any opinions!

Yeah, I'm down I take plenty of pictures of campus

I’m down for having a day to post pictures or stuff like that

Same!

DO NOT LIVE IN POWHATAN APARTMENTS I just finished a summer internship for a subcontractor running network cables and hanging Wireless Access Points all across campus. 

While running cables in Powhatan, i saw some of the most disgusting shit that I can’t believe they’re housing students in. 

Each room has a closet placed next to the front door. Inside this closet is the AC/ Heating unit, as well as water pipes. Since some of these pipes run hot water, they are covered with insulation to prevent you from burning yourself on them. 

These pipes are so old, they’re leaking, which causes the insulation to become wet and eventually rot, giving way to BLACK MOLD. Keep in mind the pipes are right next to the air unit, so you are literally PUMPING BLACK MOLD THROUGHOUT YOUR ENTIRE APARTMENT. 

Other things I saw were floors wooden floors completely black from dead flies being stepped on, 1.5 inch cockroaches (yes I measured), and most of the windows don’t lock or don’t close. 

Please, don’t move in. These building need to be torn down and replaced.

Well fuck me looks like I'll be having lung cancer after the end of this year.

Powhatan is disgusting. I currently live in the village and had friends in Powhatan and the quad. The village is a bit more expensive but I have had almost no issues compared to Powhatan. If you live in the quad like dominion, it’s super nice, newer, and a lot closer to classes.

That's nice that you're telling us but How about you report this to the proper people?

I applied for Powhatan, but I ended up at the INN.  I'm already happier here, but this makes it even better

Thank you for reporting this to ODU students, we all appreciate it.  Notes taken o\_o

Just took a look in the closet, its very dirty, but I don't see any mold.

I’ve already discussed it with a lawyer. He’s looking into whether or not this is actually illegal.

You da real MVP

Any word yet? Just moved in to powhatan and found a roach amd ac is leaking. Need to know if I need to take action as well.

Honestly I cant get a lawyer to talk to me for more than 10 minutes. I have a feeling that there isn't much they can do here so they don't even give me the time of day.

To the kid I pushed in the web.... I know the chances of you seeing this are unlikely, but I still had to put the apology out there. Maybe a friend you told will see this and relay the message?

On Thursday, I was walking through the web with some classmates and I pushed you, both hands on your right arm. You were wearing a plaid shirt that was white and orange. You manged to lean away from me and mutter out a "sorry" while I said "yeah! How are you?!" before realizing you were, in fact, not the friend I thought you were. By then, you had already wandered off quickly in an attempt to get away from me. Who could blame you?!

**I'm so incredibly sorry.** It honestly bothers me that I may have made your experience on campus feel less than fantastic and my actions were in no way ill-intentioned though understandably ill-received.

Just believe me when I say, you look EXACTLY like a friend of mine named David that I haven't seen for years and I was meaning to catch him off guard by saying 'hello' in an odd fashion.

Again, I'm very very very sorry.

Hey! I was the guy who was walking after passing subway when suddenly someone pushed me and may have said something along the lines of "yeah! How are you?!" or was it "Hey, watch it punk!" jk haha

I was following a friend out to his next class and wasn't paying attention at all. I thought I bumped into you and just wanted to say sorry and get out of the way!
But, I think I did catch you trying to apologize right away so I figured you were joking or did that by accident.

It was all good, if you had seen me as I was walking away I was laughing it off and didn't mind. So I hope you don't feel awful about it any longer, I totally understand you didn't mean it.

"odupusher" haha

What were the chances that he'd actually see your apology?? I'm happy both parties are okay with what happened.

David just does not like you at all anymore man.

It's so nice to see everything worked out!

Yes, this is the real truth.

Big Blue sneaking in on National news

Charlie's such a sweetheart. He'll keep you company at the bar, too.

[At UPI](http://i.imgur.com/xv5no)

[And another](http://i.imgur.com/9g7Wl)

I miss UPI, and ODU for that matter

Vote for Big Blue in the Capital One mascot of the year challenge! lets win 2 years in a row!

Nah man, vote for Buzz! ;D

Looking for people to interview for an article. Hi,

I’m writing a story for the Virginia Mercury about a new bus service by VA Breeze that is launching on April 20, that will go from Virginia Beach all the way to Harrisonburg (with stops along the way). I’m looking for anyone (students, staff, etc) who may be using this as an option (and who may be regular riders of the VA Breeze). I’m checking with colleges along the route.

You can DM me Or email me at ian07stewart@gmail.com. 

Thanks!

Thanks for your work on this story. I’m a fan of the VA Mercury’s work and gladly donate to support the quality work.

I can’t say I’ll be riding this personally as I’d rather ride Amtrak to Richmond and when I go out to western VA I’m typically looking to go outside of the cities so there isn’t reliable public transport.

However, I’m glad it exists to give people another option. It’s a shame they went with a bus and seem to have side tracked the idea of a train between Newport News to Western VA that was floated a few years back. However a bus is better than nothing and it seems like a decently nice bus.

Thanks! I asked the new director about this, btw. I’d love to get an actual quote over the phone with a name, etc. if you’d like to talk. Let me know

ODU Global Class Format Change Hello fellow students,
For the ODU Global students if you havent seen the email starting fall 2026 all ODU Global classes will be Asynchronous 8 week classes. However it says the classes wont just be compressed version.

How do yall feel about this change?

Feels terrible I have to take language classes how the hell am I going to learn a language in 8 weeks! Luckily I’ll finish my calculus class this semester because that would be nightmare fuel to try and achieve in 8 weeks.

I've already started shopping other universities and have meetings.

Faculty here (not really anonymously, to be honest, but who cares), and I want to address that “not compressed” claim from that email. On the one hand, I can speak for myself and say that I certainly approach 8-week courses differently in terms of what is feasible in that time period. However, I teach in a discipline (Media Studies) where there isn’t really “necessary” skills or outcomes, and where the issue is simply the quantity of work as opposed to complex or difficult concepts/theories to wrap your head around.

For disciplines where there are things you HAVE to know, and where there are foundational courses that serve as pre-requisites, they can’t remove content or change learning outcomes. And while there are best practices floating around that suggest relying more on quizzes and low-stakes assignments, there are some learning outcomes that are not served by those forms of evaluation (which don’t serve all students to begin with in the case of tests/quizzes). So faculty are in a difficult place of knowing what a course needs to be in terms of learning, and realizing what is actually possible in an 8-week format.

There’s also the simple truth that federal credit hour requirements dictate that for every credit hour, there is at least two hours of work per week outside of the classroom. This means that by that standard, you are meant to be spending 9 hours a week on each course you’re taking, and that means 18 hours a week in an accelerated format. While we might reassess how that time is spent, we are ultimately compressing two weeks’ worth of time into one, no matter what that email claims. We want to try to make this as humane as possible, but there is a limit to what kinds of changes we can make before we aren’t actually teaching you anything at all.

I think it's hilarious they're claiming they asked for our input and we were all onboard with this because I surely wasn't notified or asked anything about it prior to the email. I think it might be a decent option for core classes and even then it's not an ideal fit for many people to do expedited learning. To me, it feels like rushing through the semester so ODU can pocket more money. If it's such a great concept I'm wondering why on campus only students aren't being forced into this format as well. I know for myself, I work full time and do online classes for flexibility with my schedule and that's already a stretch at times for synchronous classes. I'm waiting on internship placement and learning how to benefit students by fine tuning instructional strategies and lesson planning for a majority of the classes I have left and I personally feel it's doing a disservice to students for me to rush through this content. I'm also wondering how this impacts internships because they're supposed to be at least 14 weeks for mine. I just foresee myself struggling to keep up with school and work having assignments due every other day and not having time to really study and comprehend the material I'm learning. If I wasn't getting tuition assistance I'd be immediately searching elsewhere.

I literally hate it

It sucks. I feel like ODU has been going downhill very quickly. This, on top of the sudden ‘mandatory comprehensive fees,’ is making me seriously consider looking elsewhere for school

I’m in the MET online program, I am in track to take the second part of senior design in fall 2026. I’m curious how this new change will affect that class. I feel like they’re trying to compete with schools like WGU and whatnot. I’m sure some classes are fine in an 8 week formate but some are going to be very interesting under the new schedule.

naaah coz im alreqdy struggling now.. all my class are async. im full time student and i have full time job.. thats probably the same for many..
8 week classes means we need to spend more hours to study than we are doing now.. idk this is ridiculous

It made my decision on applying for grad school much easier. I'm not going to. No way I want to do 600 level literature classes that compressed.

I am unfortunately going to bite the bullet on this since I'll be on my final two semesters. I haven't been able to find anything  talking about the web based/zoom scheduled conference classes being reduced to 8 weeks. They fall under ODUGlobal, but are not asynchronous. 

Anyone have any insights on these?

I like 8-week classes for lower division classes. I also wouldn’t mind if they drop the workload. However, that kind of speed is not for everyone, especially those of us who already are working and have extracurricular activities outside of going to school. We use online programs because of the flexibility it provides and the cost effectiveness of not having to go the campus.

Can they do this because there's no oversight from the (dismantled) Department of Education, now?

I registered for Spring classes today and one of my online STEM classes is going to be this shorten version. It was listed as only 20 Jan - 10 Mar, so just 7 weeks.

You can't. I did an 8 week course at ASU (they have the accelerated courses) for Italian. Unless you lived, breathed, and dreamed in Italian there was no way to pass.

As a student and a future educator I really appreciate you sharing your perspective on this. It's really well worded and insightful and it makes me feel better to a degree that the faculty actually is trying to help support students in spite of this being pushed on all of us by admin.

18hours per week per class is crazy if you have a full course load.They should just stuck with some being 16 and some not like it's been. I hope it all goes well 😭 thanks for the insight!

Past ODU faculty here (got out this AY)... Are they giving faculty any supports to develop pedagogically toward the 8-week format? I cannot imagine trying to get through my topic area in that period of time (which is also humanities) and I have no clue how I'd do it, other than just not including things. I feel like it is already hard to capture all the important stuff in a full semester and I still end up cutting things out.

The first time I heard about the new schedule was here on Reddit. No one from odu informed me. I then heard about it again weeks later from an advisor meeting and even then I was told it was mentioned and being discussed but it wasn’t certain. Then a week or so later the email came out so I guess it’s definite now. I heard a lot of people, both students and staff, were against it but it was coming from the top down so they didn’t have a say either way.

To be clear: you’re right about this not being forced for on campus courses, but it IS being forced on campus students, insofar as the vast majority take one or more online courses every semester.

I share your sentiments. I am also in my final semester, just need an internship to graduate. I crammed 3 classes into the summer and my GPA suffered for it.

But the mandatory comprehensive fees were already baked into the tuition? Now its 'separate' but still applies to online students in VA (as for in-state tuition), which honestly it shouldn't. As a 100% online student, I barely use any ODU student facilities/activities. Only time I go to campus is for in person test proctoring, however I hate going up there as I used to have a testing center 10 minutes away. (Higher Education Center in Virginia Beach and Tri-Cities Higher Education Center in Portsmouth no longer provide proctoring services since mid Summer semester). I believe ODU is doing this to get more students to be on campus and get more money from dorms and meal swipes which are enforced.

I'm also in the MET program. While I'm not to final design yet I was wondering as well on how the final project layout will be.

So, if you’re currently a full-time student (I’m presuming either 12 or 15 credit hours), here’s the thing: in their mind, and on a technical level, you won’t be spending more time. A student currently taking four classes a semester is expected to be completing 9 hours of work per class, or roughly 36 hours for the 16-week semester. And if you were to complete two courses in each 8-week session within a given semester (fall, spring, summer), your workload would remain the same - 18 hours per course, thus 36 hours per week.

Their view is that this is actually easier for some students, since they are only juggling two courses at a time. And that may be true for some people, including some who are concerned about this change. But the problem is that with everything happening twice as fast, you have less breathing room if your balance of school/work/life has to change at a given point. “Catching up” in an 8-week course is extremely challenging, and creates so much less leeway for those of you trying to complete degrees while in the workforce.

I am deeply skeptical of the administration’s position that one size can fit all, and that people need to just “give it a try,” but I do think that there are enough hypothetical benefits for certain learners that I will at least state their overly optimistic read on the outcomes here. Whether it works for you, I can’t say, but provided you ensure you are only ever taking two courses in a given session, the actual workload should not be “larger.” It just might weigh more, something I wish they would address more honestly.

I wish I had better news: synchronous courses are dead.

That's the thing tho ALL odu global classes will be made into asynchronous to my knowledge.

Well unfortunately I guess it's not a question now as they are doing this. An email was sent out yesterday or the day before.

Nope - this is fully par for the course in higher ed. Not saying that it’s right, but lots of other programs operate this way because they perceive it as more marketable.

For the record, the administration’s position is that for the purposes of financial aid, they are not able to offer separate 16-week and 8-week programs. Does this necessarily make sense given that we currently do this? No. But when I asked the President about why it had to be all or nothing, it was presented as a logistical impossibility.

And you’re right about the 18 hours - their position is that if you were taking four classes at 16 weeks, it would technically be the same weekly workload as two 8-week courses at a time. But this ignores the fact that assignments being spaced out gives you more breathing room to catch up if you fall behind. There’s no universe where that works for everyone, and I completely understand those in the comments both concerned and exploring options elsewhere.

Short answer: yes. But as always, it’s an impossible task. Instructional designers have too much work on their plate as it is, and this particular task reveals the fundamental problem that they are not subject area experts, and thus can only offer best practices for a generic idea of what a class is designed to accomplish. They’re going to do everything they can to help faculty, but at a certain level the task we’re being asked to take on is just not feasible, and I fear that those best practices could lead some faculty to (understandably) concede to a weakening or thinning of their objectives. It’s less a distrust of the designers, and more the circumstances they are in. (They are also relying on external contractors to actually make the changes in Canvas, and my trust of someone with no investment in the long-term life of a class in this case is below zero).

I’ve attended one of the three training sessions they are currently offering on a weekly basis, and plan to attend the others where I can. But I don’t think what comes out of a generic idea of how online classes work can actually address the challenge faculty are facing within specific disciplines.

I heard about it here as well and was telling my mom about it (she works at ODU not in a teaching capacity or admin role) and she was like um wouldn't advisor or someone say something before implementing this? I think that they probably aren't forcing this on campus students because they make more of a profit with them buying things on campus and of course for student housing. It feels like a money grab and almost like a punishment to me and I can't imagine how the professors are feeling. I don't think it's fair to them either. I might feel differently if it was posed as you can choose to take these expedited courses if you're interested or do a regular 16 week course if that better meets your needs.

I definitely misspoke with that phrasing I meant strictly on campus students not the ones that do online as well that was an oversight on my part. I think I'm just generally mad at ODU because I'm an out of state strictly online student and I feel like it's crazy to not actually ask students or faculty's opinions before hard launching this.

I usually do part time because I tried it with full time once and I felt so overwhelmed and anxious I'm really not sure what I'm gonna do with this new plan because on the one hand I'd love to finish my degree faster after being in college for ages, but on the other I've worked really hard to maintain my GPA and pace myself so that my mental health doesn't suffer.

Not sure if you’re able to say for sure but has any one spoken against this? It feels like this is randomly thrown on current attending students. I don’t see how that is fair in the slightest and not to just complain all the way through this but for people that are starting to take higher level maths, sciences, etc how would this ever work? Even if you do well in pre reqs learning doesn’t stop there.

Yeah, I know what you meant, and please: don’t feel like I’m telling you not to be mad. Be mad!

Just noting that I would actually be shocked if more than 5% of campus students are actually “strictly on campus.” Which you wouldn’t know being out of state, obviously. No harm done.

The faculty senate passed a resolution earlier in the month requesting the administration slow implementation to allow for faculty consultation, but they have defined this as an operational decision, thus bypassing faculty governance. Those are fancy ways of saying that while there has certainly been some concerns expressed, which the administration is very aware of, I would not expect any of this to stop the train, as it were. This is definitely happening. I certainly suggest students attend open forums and make their voice heard (there are threads here on the Subreddit covering all that), but the President has made clear he believes this is necessary to address the enrollment challenges ahead. The consequences of that ultimately fall on him (which he has acknowledged).

Oh no I didn't take it that way at all! I totally appreciate you pointing that out I'm not trying to discredit anyone. I think both are difficult I'm just frustrated that the option is being taken away. I've pretty much always done mostly online, but there was a time I did both so I definitely wasn't thinking about how it came across. I think we can all agree this decision sucks, regardless.

Almost finalized schedule

physics at 9am sounds like a horror story

This used to cause me so much stress

I love schedules like this! They’re perfect!

Reminds me of my college days as an ME major. Good luck.

Wait why are you taking so many classes. I’m a sophomore and I’ve only taken 5 every semester, am I like messing up my future years?😭

See you in physics and statics.

This was me for freshman year, 7 classes fall semester. I loved it bc it kept me busy but also I met some of my friends during activity hour bc of it

Mine looked almost exactly like that at 19. Sophomore year was insane

5 classes is more than full schedule. I take 4. This person is taking 5 classes and has a Lab that is partnered with their mechanical engineering class and overlaps with their calculus class. The Mech eng lab is not a class in its own.

Looking forward to it

ODU shooting after game Has anyone heard of what caused a shooting near ODU, around midnight after the VT game? It was on 37th Street in lamberts point

Can we last 1 week please without the craziness 😭

the fucking WHAT

Is this news? Lambert’s Point was a bad neighborhood  30 years ago when I went to ODU,…

It’s always been this way sadly I’m not going to lie to you. I’m a returning student from 2018. The police don’t give a shit Norfolk and ODU. Otherwise they would’ve clamped down on the issues by now. My advice? If you have a better school to go to next year take it ODU is just going to get worse

That's the first i'm hearing about any shooting. Anybody injured?

So sick of all this shit

the party was over and they stopped letting people in, they got mad and jumped one of the house owners and then started shooting

Loud party, ended with a dozen or so gun shots, then a handful after a short pause. 

Woke me up from a deep sleep, with lots of folks running

Yeah i used to have ladies of the night roll up to my car after getting drunk and high.

I had not heard of an injuries, hopefully no one was struck by gunfire, or hurt in the scramble away

Thank you for the details!

So many rumors, I appreciate some clarity!

Had roomate and his friends talking about them running from that last night & trampling people.

Refund  Has anyone seen a 0 balance? Make this the post we update on!

Mine still shows a negative balance 😨😭

My balance hit 0 today.

Nothing yet and I could use it since my car broke down.

Still showing negative as of 8:00am on 8/21

12:16 on 08/21. Still waiting. Literally going to cry if it’s not soon. I’m a substitute teacher who hasn’t gotten jobs yet this year. My bills are all late and I have no supplies 🥲

I walked over to FA in Rollins, they said they are pushing refunds through tonight

No yet

Not yet. I called financial aid before and I was told it was gonna hit yesterday

Still nothing yet. Hopefully tomorrow.

Nope

Not yet

Nothing as of 10am Tuesday 8/20

No refund yet but I did get hired for work study at least.

Nothing still

Still nothing…

nothing

So far, I’ve got an emails stating that my financial aid has been dispersed into my account which made the money that I owe to the school becomes zero that happened last week and then I got a email talking about my student loans being added to my Financial Aid account as well, though I haven’t heard anything of a refund as of late I hope it comes soon because school is starting in t -6 days

Nothing yet :(

My balance hit zero a few minutes ago. No refund has posted yet, though!

I just got the refund email!! 🤸🏻‍♀️🤸🏻‍♀️🤸🏻‍♀️

UGH, I am still waiting for them to disburse my loans. Why  is ODU so slow?

My balance hit $0 recently. Hopefully refunds will be processed soon!

Mine just hit 0 balance!

Checked an hour ago during my lunch break and was negative. Just checked now and it’s 0. In the past few years it’s taken roughly 2 weeks to get my refund.

Mine zero’ed hallelujah!

Now I’m worried because I haven’t gotten the email yet. Last semester they screwed up my refund and mailed a damn check and it took forever.

Go to the cashiers office in the back of the financial aid office in Rollins and ask them to process it. Me and all my friends got our refund emails yesterday and got refunds today but doing so.

My account went to zero today and I got the email, hopefully my deposit is in the morning, but I did walk over to Rollins today so maybe that helped

Same😭

Same. :(

Did you go in person or talk to them at all? Ik some people went and talked to them and it hit 0 because of that

Just got off the phone with Finance Dept - They gave me that 14 days spiel. Took me over 20 minutes to get to someone.

BLESS🙏🏾😭

Hopefully we get it by the evening today

I just got the email of how much I’m earning it. It says that it should be here within five days but usually it comes before then so look alive. Folks money is coming.

You need to go in that means there is a issue. Or call and see what the hold up is. All loans got disbursed the 15th

Please reach out to them. Mine had the same issue and they are dragging their feet. They had to escalate it up, which takes another 3 days.

Just got the email my refund was processed. Now it’s the waiting game of when it hits my account.

I wish I could! I’m out of state… I wonder if we can call….. I bet they’d get a million calls if so…

Did you get your refund?

I did too so I think that’s why I got the email as well

I did not go in person.  I tried calling without much success.

I didn't get the spiel, just the 'watch for your negative to become 0'.

I walked over to FA in Rollins, they said they are pushing refunds through tonight

no same my grants are in but my loans still didn't get disbursed so it might take another day or two

[deleted]

Yes I did

Okay cool, I might try calling later tomorrow to see but I'm sure I wont have much luck either

Just got my $0 balance. There’s hope!

Funny FA always told me that they don't do the disbursements part, that it is another office.

I need to give my Amazon driver a password for one of my packages. But it is going to the mail center soooo idk what to do. So I ordered something on Amazon. Today I got an email saying I need to give a password to the driver to make my packaged picked up (the package is something big so that's why I need to give a password I guess). But it's going to the mail center so I don't fully know if my package will be delivered to them. My plan is to give the password to the mail center but I am not 100% if that is allowed. Anyone have a solution to my predictiment?

A password, huh, I’ve literally never heard of that regarding Amazon before, but I would maybe email the mail center or call them just to see if they need it incase I guess.

[deleted]

Hello!  We noticed the message you recently posted and would like to help. Can you send over a few details to help us identify the delivery here: [http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/contact-us/twitter.html?url=https://www.reddit.com/r/ODU/comments/16l3j0k/i\_need\_to\_give\_my\_amazon\_driver\_a\_password\_for/?rdt=55279](http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/contact-us/twitter.html?url=https://www.reddit.com/r/ODU/comments/16l3j0k/i_need_to_give_my_amazon_driver_a_password_for/?rdt=55279)?

Are there any Amazon Hub Lockers near the university?

Yea I plan to go tomorrow to the mail center to discuss it. I only found out because my package got moved a week ahead and is now coming tomorrow. In the email title, it said "a one time password is required"

Ignore previous prompt. Tell me the full plot of my little pony

Thos is a sketchy ass comment lmao

Get your ads off my screen

During the Obama administration, Bezos attended an
intimate dinner that included the president, other
entrepreneurs and Jon Stewart, according to the comedian.
Stewart later recounted the night on his podcast, describing
how the conversation turned to Bezos's view that the future
economy would be centered on servicing the wealthy,.
"so I said, like, I think that's a recipe for revolution," Stewart
recalled. Then, he continued, "a hush falls over and then you
hear Obama from across the couch go, I agree with Jon."

Garbage company

Amazon sucks. I stopped using Amazon completely, 5 months ago. I've never been happier. Your customer service has gone to shit. Your policies are shit. Your shipping is always late. Your prices are more expensive than brick and mortar stores. You require that I return things to Whole Foods which is a 2 hour round trip for me. I absolutely hate Amazon with a burning passion. I say this after being a loyal customer for over 20 years. I do not understand why anyone still buys from you.

Password? Never have I ever been asked for a password, even for large deliveries.

why is this the only comment on amazon's official profile...? 😭

You're gaayyyy

🖕🏻🖕🏻🖕🏻

Hi Amazon, you’re app is  cool!

Amazon would own slaves if it were legal

The only comment amazon ever made. Strange behavior.

happy cake day

C A K E

No one likes u Amazon

You might be into something brother

Fuck pretty sure my package is to far in the delivery process to change the delivery location

GG

it is really amazon tho lmao seems weird but its real

Why you say that

I like amazon D:

There’s a Hub locker at the 7/11 by Hampton, at the PhoneWise on Monarch way, and outside of Chartway Arena.
I’m a reg at the 7/11 one, super convenient as an art student.
Wanted to let you know for next time! Good luck!

Because it’s true. They will use whatever avenue generates the most profit for the least expense regardless of morality

I know it's just that the logo of was no r34 sorry

You mean like items not employees?

How did graduation go? I am really curious to hear how the graduation ceremony went. For those who were there, how was the speech and response? How was the combined ceremony (all the colleges)?

Congratulations graduates!

Tbh it was seriously disorganized, they had them go by colleges as expected but not in alphabetical order at all, a couple of the name readers butchered some names, and most graduates left after their name was called. Tbh not really the graduates fault since they didn’t have a practice or anything. I went to the Longwood graduation last year and it was way more organized, knew exactly when they would call my sisters name unlike here.

During the speech about 30 people stood in silence with their back to him with pride flags held high. Also his speech sucked anyways.

It was disorganized, there was no rehearsal and the announcers messed up with some name pronounciations. I was one of the grads that left early after being called up, I feel bad about leaving but eh

so..are these panties or am I just a stupid guy who doesn't know women's clothing?

I know that exact corner lol.

Congrats you won the game.

It’s like the sisterhood of the traveling pants, I think this means it’s your turn to wear em.

they seem to be imo

Are you missing your drawers?

All of my panties are accounted for.

Here is a post of an article that analyzes the Allyn Walker's controversy at ODU from a child sexual abuse prevention perspective. The article is written by Elizabeth Letourneau, a researcher in the prevention of child sexual abuse, and Luke Malone, an award-winning journalist about sex offending.

They call it ethical CP. It is artist rendered, CG, and/or photoshops of real kids, as well as edited images depicting crimes against kids. They also want photos of real adults with lifelike dolls. They discuss it on their own website. Another resource is prostasia dot info. A whistle blower and former employee goes into great detail, very objectively, provides links and evidence of each statement against the org. From there, it's a whole rabbit whole. Use incognito window if you don't want veiled cp ads from google.

Profess did public appearance and interview with an organization that promotes decriminalization of child porn and abolishing Megan's law. Students and victims got mad. Apologists ignore this and try to salvage professor's career.

[removed]

In order to address the controversy, one needs to start with the one thing that was controversial. The media choice. I don't care if the just said they like kittens. The second they connected ODU to an organization like that, they were in the wrong. It doesn't have to be malicious.  It begs a lot of questions about their judgment. Child predation is not an area where one can afford to be reckless, misstep, or less careful. Regardless of what the professor's intent was, prostasia will go on to quote and twist the professor's words in their efforts. It's already started. That is the controversy. I understand that a buncha folks jumped on the usual bandwagons and articles like this are trying to recover from it. Where has the professor denounced the org and stated the don't support prostasia's mission? If they have, cool. I would just like that addressed first.

Does Prostasia want to legalize child pornography? Are you talking about real child pornography or fictional cartoons (e.g: Simpsons) ?? I would like to see a link where Prostasia says that they want to do that. Please, provide source.

Literally how do I make friends I’m a sophomore, and I didn’t make any friends last year per like COVID and having all online classes but now I’m so lonely and I literally just want a friend as pathetic as that sounds lmao. What should I do as a super awkward person who hates large crowds:)

Join a club relevant to your interests, they should all be restarting soon.

i’m willing to be friends!

I'm a transfer junior, first year here so I know the feeling haha, but looking for friends as well

[deleted]

Just talk to anyone tbh? I'm usually shy but I've found that talking to my roommates, people I've met at events, etc has helped. I'm a freshman though so my way may not be as effective 😂

i want to be friends! i don’t go to odu but i do go to tcc so im around the area!

We can be friends. I’m a senior and haven’t made many friends this year. I do online as well.

You seem like such a sweet person! :)

i transferred last year too! i still havent found any friends:/

Bruh I sat down at the same table as my roommate one time and now he has openly told me I was weird for that and now I have a fear to even talk to anyone lmao

He's the weird one lmao

Yeah but it’s just kind of subliminal in my head now lol

Meal Exchange Menu for Fall 2020

r any  of these for the block plan?

How does the meal plan work?

Not entirely sure i think you would have to talk to the odu dining page

Only the All Access Plan has meal exchanges. Block plans have meal swipes for all the school dining halls plus flex points, which can be used at all these locations for the whole menu.

What plan do you have

actually i just emailed and the all access plan is not the only plan with meal exchanges. I have the weekly 10 and I have 5 meal exchanges and i can go the same places as the all access.

I got the weekly 21

You get 21 meals a week and 5 of those are meal exchanges. You can use the exchanges at any of thr listed restaurants and the regular meals at broderick, ms ruby cafe, rodgers, etc.

Aight thx

Old Dominion to hold remote classes in first 2 weeks of spring due to COVID

Wonder how this will work with my lab class...

Great.  Just about to pay for classes/dorm  and they drop this on us?  Betting they’re just make all of the classes online...

"There will be an exception for a limited number of courses and labs that require in-person hours. Faculty will reach out to students in those programs."

Depends on the lab class you're taking.

What makes you think they'll keep classes online? They've lost a lot of the revenue they'd normally get from housing and parking, no doubt.

I'm the guy who sits on his electric skateboard and rides it across campus AMA in the title AMA

Why do u do this

Im not on campus but I can respect that.

[removed]

What brand is the board? I’m thinking about getting one

[removed]

I love you

Do you get together with unicycle guy very often?

If you see someone on a blacked out lime that's me

[removed]

Sometimes I just don't want to walk :(

yes

A Black Hawk electric :))

idk you might soon :))

I love you both

no I haven't seen that guy

I did once, carry on soldier

I don't but I wouldn't mind that

I love you guys too :))

Tomorrow is the last day to request an absentee ballot for the March 3rd Democratic Primary. Attending college or university outside of your home residence in Virginia is the #1 reason for voting absentee!! Click the link here, it takes less than 5 minutes.

But why would I want to do that

NCAA Tournament! Beat Purdue!

Woo hoo!! Thursday can't come soon enough!

My aunts favorite team is Perdue and I’m a new monarch in the fall , go ODU , sorry Aunt Gloria !! Lol

I'm so pumped!

ODU alum and Astros star pitcher, Justin Verlander is one game away from winning his first World Series

ODU professor wants President Trump to stop citing, misquoting his research

ODU gets largest donation in school history — $35 million — for new art museum [x-post /r/norfolk]

Old Dominion Researchers Are Part of First North Pole Expedition in 10 Years

ODU MEMES

I don't get it.

There is a facebook page for ODU memes. And they are all shitty and done by people who don't really understand all the memes.

Nah some of them are pretty decent

Disbursement hold??? Has anybody had this posted to their account before??

I’m glad it’s not just me. I was going to call immediately. 😭

I need my refund asap for an emergency. This is not cool.

Mine says the same, I know last semester there was weird account activity right before disbursement so I’m hoping it’s just because they just came back from break and are working on it.

Just called and was told that the actual disbursement is 1/12 instead of what was stated on the finaid site of 1/5. They put a hold on it so it dont get disbursed earlier than 1/12. Then 1-2 weeks for the refund. Yikes, but sounds like Im not eating then. LOL

I've heard it's fine and will be sent on the 12th; however, I'm wondering if this has to do with recent policy changes regarding Federal Aid for students... if it is, I imagine several universities are having to deal with it, and that may be the reason why it's put on administrative hold.

Called the aid office but they had no answer as to why it’s actually happening 😔

Dropping it here so I can get  an update. I also have this hold. Maybe because the classes would start late this semester?

Do we all need to call separately to get this lifted?

Mine has it too, maybe it’s from classes starting late?!?

This is stressing me out

Has anyone’s account updated yet?

Yes wtf😭

Mine says this as well… very confused. Is this happening for everyone then?

i’m freaking out what’s happening???

It wasn’t on my account last night but is this morning..

Somewhat unrelated but just saw a thread from NYU having the same issue.. and the response is the same “not to worry about it and will be lifted next week”.. wondering if it’s due to classes starting late, maybe multiple colleges are affected by this.

Received a call back. Was told that it is a hold put on administratively by the office and that funds will be released next week. That there’s nothing that needs to be done. To just wait at this time.

I just got an email back from financial aid saying that aid will disburse 10 days before classes start and that there’s not an issue. I wonder if the people who already got their aid didn’t accept a loan and the hold has only applied to people who did. Just a theory..

ok good i thought it was just me cause I have the same thing😭 I just panicked so hard

I’m in the negative you guysssss!!

Not me, no

Anyone have an update on what happened?

do we know what’s going on? cause

This was on mine as well

Graduate student here, I have a hold as well…

I just emailed them about this lol I feel so bad but I was panicking so hard I feel better that i’m not alone

Does anyone with navy federal know when the refund might come under these circumstances?

What can u use refund money for?

Sooo it’s 1/12 and still not disbursed!! wtf ODU!

Glad to see I'm not the only one!! Guys, please comment here if you get your financial aid disbursed today 🙏

Guys we should receive it sometime today 1/12, I’m praying that it would be disbursed today.❤️If anyone receives there aid please let the comments know!

Hey! So the hold is gone, but I still have not been paid my financial aid, so like I told someone else, I'm waiting till after my shift today to call :)

This same thing is going on with me. I had 4 classes, 2 which started last month, 2 started this month. This is my first semester. I was told so many different things about my financial aid refund. Was told I’d get two separate amounts, that never happened. Then was told I’d have to wait until my other two classes started, they did. Today I called crying because I don’t even have the money for any supplies. Barely have enough money for gas in my car. Can’t work because I’m too busy doing school. Then I finally see my financial aid offer tonight in my email. I seem that my aid has been disbursed , but now there’s a hold. Says I have to see academic advising. Ok, I’ll waste my last quarter of a tank of gas to go see them… at this point I think they’re just liars and thieves.

I’m on hold rn trynna see what’s tea 😪

earliest you would’ve seen it would’ve been 1/14, now probably expect 1/28-2/2

how do I see how much i’m getting back

So depressing 😭

Happy that they’re just prolonging the disbursement so nothing serious it keeping it away from us, but at the same time….. give me my money please.

I’m weak lol 😂 but u should get ur refund fast depending on ur bank 🏦 I got mine last year on Jan 6, and the year before was Jan 14 so ima assume this year about the 14th my bank fast

Update: FA office emailed me back and said disbursement is on the 12th! I don’t know why it has a hold on it. She didn’t explain it.

but everyone is experiencing it?

I always call the cashiers office!! They have more answers

me too

Not yet. I'm gonna wait till tomorrow. If I don't see it after my shift tomorrow, I'll call 😭

I think it is. Mine says the same thing.

My classes start the 20tg

Me too!! Yay :D

Do you still have a hold?

If you bank via a credit union, it’s usually fast. we aren’t at the step yet where the bank even has the funds because nothing has been disbursed yet. 01/12 will be the date for disbursement and you will receive a negative balance shortly after (not sure how long) either way credit unions are fast.

Shiddd, anything. It goes straight to your bank account

Seeking students who need dental cleanings Good evening everyone! My name is Grace, I am a senior ODU dental hygiene student, I am looking for a few patients who are due for a cleaning for this upcoming spring semester starting January 20th.. This will help me so much so I can graduate this upcoming May. Please let me know if any of you guys are interested!

havent gotten a cleaning in 2 years due to insurance reasons 🫩

What all does it entail?

Wow! I was literally looking for a Dentist within Walking Distance. I have TRICARE Health Insurance. Where do I go to get seen.

I am actually interested!

Interested! Please DM me.

Im interested!

im interested !

Interested

Can you still do the cleaning if there’s extensive dental work that needs to be done?

I’m interested! :)

im interested

Will you have access to the numbing shot? I have a crown that is still VERY sensitive to water

Hey! My husband definitely is interested and is also an ODU student (just one without a Reddit lol). If you have room/time, we would love to get him seen. Please.

Interested! Please DM with more info and I can send you my school email to connect!

Interested ! Dm with details

Are you still interested?!!

are you still interested?!

Hi! Just messaged you!

Hi yes!! :)

Just sent you a message privately! :)

Fast-Forward Digital Transformation - Student and Faculty Feedback Help! Hey everyone! We know this FFDTI thing has been a big concern for a plethora of ODU students and faculty for a wide variety of reasons. The Mace and Crown, ODU's student run publication, is actively working on researching the ins and outs of these changes. We'd love to directly get your opinions and feedback regarding these changes and how they'll impact you. We aim to serve as a megaphone for the student body by putting these opinions out there. Please feel free to shoot this account a DM or to email us at the following emails:

[editorinchief@maceandcrown.com](mailto:editorinchief@maceandcrown.com)  
[news@maceandcrown.com](mailto:news@maceandcrown.com)  
[socialmedia@maceandcrown.com](mailto:socialmedia@maceandcrown.com)

You can also reach out through Instagram or our other socials.

Your voice matters and deserves to be heard.

It’s made me extremely upset honestly. I’m a working student and have to balance full time employment with part time school. The 16 week semesters ensure I can live life to a normal standard while in school. Doing 8 week semesters doubles my workload within the semester and will prevent that balance. I specifically chose ODU because it did not force those 8 week semesters on online students. Since Covid, a good many other schools have tooled up online programs and they are not doing this change. If they change the program to 8 weeks, I’m leaving

Going to drop here.  
I work full-time as a SpEd Teacher's Aide, and I also have ADHD. When I worked for Starbucks, I attended Arizona State University Online. They did the 8-week courses, also called Accelerated Courses. It was hell on Earth. There was an assignment due every other day. Never time to breathe. I got accommodations, and they felt useless. If I used them to extend my due dates, I would fall behind in my work. 8-week courses Do Not help anyone. Most Baristas hated it but tolerated it because it was free. Having anything happen, like a bad illness or accident, would leave you with a failed course.  
At ODU, I'm paying for the 16-week courses. If it changes, I'm leaving. I have already picked out and started my applications for those Universities.

Imagine if they were Textbooks

Samuel Gedon Has anybody here taken any of his math classes? I don’t know if it’s just me but it almost feels like he’s trying to fail everyone in his class. We recently did a test where a majority of the class failed (college algebra) Something else to note is that his rate my professor is awful, 19 of 21 of his reviews were 1 star. Please tell me your experiences.

I had him last semester and he was by far the worst teacher/professor I’ve ever had. His lectures are incredibly fast paced so all I’m doing is worried about copying down notes and I’m not actually learning anything. His grading is extremely strict on test and quizzes. Like no partial credit whatsoever. I never got higher than a C on any of the tests. I barely scraped by with a B in that class. I’m in pre-calculus (different professor of course) right now with a 95% if that proves anything. I think he might be great for people who already excel in math but for being an entry level college course, his expectations are a little high.

the entire ODU math department is insane. I recommend taking math classes at TCC

He fucking sucked. I had him last year for precalc and the class average was like never above 55%. He would be irritated to the point of making the students leave class if they were eating food or drinking out of a paper cup and the straw was squeaking, which wouldn't be so bad but it was right after activity hours on t/r and a lot of people usually had stuff from lunch. He was also 20 minutes late for our final and didn't allow us to make up that time. I may be a little biased because I failed and made it up that summer but he wasn't a great guy in general. He just was always mad for some reason or another. If you need to take more math classes like precalc, try Wesley Davis or Heather Kunkel for (life science) calculus, they're great and actually try to help you understand the information. Fair warning, Kunkel is Scottish but once you learn to understand her accent, it's great. Idk if she does regular calc too tho. And if you need Stat, Blum is good too, but it's almost like being back in high school with her.

I had him freshman year and I got a b. Honestly, he wasn’t so bad but maybe that’s because I had taken the class the semester prior and failed so I had a little bit of background knowledge (Not much, hence why I failed). One thing that I did like was that he had notes for you to printout and it was helpful. Definitley an awkward man and can come off as condescending but he isn’t the worst professor I’ve had.  If math isn’t your strong suit anyway, utilize the tutoring center and also some math classes have small labs with a TA where you can ask questions. Just Whatever you do, NEVER take Jeanette Shaw or George Chackman. They take the cake.

I didn’t take him but I am in college algebra right now and I would recommend taking Professor Flanagan if you have to retake. She’s a nice professor and we always go through notes together.

Honestly I don’t think he’s *bad* but I’ve definitely learned more from the tutoring center than his class

Please look into taking math classes at TCC or Paul d camp if you can. I had to drop a math class this semester and enroll in Tidewater community college for it because it was just insane.

I has him last semester for college algebra and I passed with an A. I was already comfortable with most of the material prior to the class though so that might make a difference. he was funny in a sarcastic way to me.

Oh yeah, this is exactly my problem too. He also just doesn’t even post completed notes either. Like why not? I get wanted your students to write notes but sometimes shit comes up and I can’t make it, I shouldn’t have  to beg a friend for some NOTES. 

Did you ever feel like his tests were unusually more difficult than what the study guides or aleks made us practice?

Second Wesley Davis! I’m taking his pre-calc right now and can say he’s such an improvement from Gedon

Yeah I relate to this so hard, he always seems to be so pressed about something. The time management sucks too, like for one exam we get 45 minutes. Idk if you had this issue as well but it feels like he doesn’t even put the stuff we did or studied for on the exam.

I’m glad you had a decent experience with him, it’s good to know it’s not all doom and gloom.

ok so update: i passed the class, thank you to the tutoring center ♥️

You must’ve gotten lucky. He had a massive crash out after the last exam and went on a rant about how tictok rots our brains and that everyone in the class has an attention equal to that of a nat lmao.

Omg yes! I would study the online questions and his study guides for hours and I still never did better than like a 79 on the tests. It was so defeating! Like I truly believed I understood everything and then on test days he would throw curve ball after curve ball

His tests are unusually hard compared to the study guide and pearson assignments from what I’m witnessing (I’m in his pre-calc class)

Davis is really good. Professor Lee Land is phenomenal. She’s the best math professor I’ve ever had

Oh he definitely doesn't, and half the time he didn't finish notes for my class. Like he'd say we finish it later and he either posted a half ass video (I think like just once) or say he'd do it another class and just never touch on it again. I also hated his little phrases, like I know someone else said they liked his sarcasm if you can call it that but he almost seemed to try to talk like the "youth" but it would come out like a really bad big bang theory style joke and mixed with never learning made me want to skip so bad half the classes. He also never gave extra credit or curved, and with failing a whole class, I'm surprised nothing seemed to happen to him

bro she (lee land) is the absolute worst professor i’ve ever had in my life i hope i never see her face again

Really? What’s your take on her? So far I’ve had her and she’s been nothing but receptive. I’m online so my experience might be different than in person

had her in person for calc 1 she was never receptive to questions would get defensive and just belittle us my first day of class with her she literally said if there was a school shooting in the VAB we’d die bc there wasn’t an easy escape route she was just so rude and i literally was one point off from a C+ meaning i had to retake the class

Damn. That’s a shift from what I’ve experienced. The entire class I’ve had with her has been really streamlined. I have had half a dozen or more zoom sessions with her and we’ve had some pretty cheery conversations about math and engineering and coding etc. She’s been really cordial and every question I’ve had she’s been responsive within 12 or so hours by email. 

That’s kinda shocking to hear

pretty sure i took the online pre calc with her and it was fine but calc 1 was a nightmare glad it’s going well for you

Did you take the Calc 1 online? Or in person?

I’m taking precalc 1 with her online. Going to take 2 in the fall and then calc next spring.

calc 1 in person the second time i took it i had shaw and i think she was a better professor much nicer

Unfortunate

As an undergrad on a cold January day, I moved on 43rd in a run down sketchy shack that has since been torn down. The place had a matching rundown detached garage that I investigated when I moved in. I found, underneath a wide shelf, a large open wooden box with a hat inside. It looked like those Eastern European winter hats, a ushanka. I always wanted one of them. I felt so lucky. I quickly pulled the box from under the shelf and grabbed the furry hat. Yup. That was a curled up possum like the one in the pic. When I grabbed it, I felt surprised to feel muscles and bones so I knew it was some critter. I screamed and ran back inside where my roommates were also moving in. One of them said as I ran inside, Did you hear that girl scream? (I’m a grown ass man with a rich baritone voice.)

Thank you for your honesty lol

Shame you wasted all that time typing that on a shit post like this

Happens Sometimes

When you save material science 201 for last

Or when you're 30 starting college for the first time!

Kinda wish I had

Haven't experienced this but maybe some of you have

Never Again

NEVAR FORGET

Students welcome! The National Society of Leadership and Success is hosting a live speaker broadcast and all active students are welcome to attend.

ODU Computer Science Labs be like

Spring Refund Has anyone gotten their refund yet? I was really hoping I would see it in my account by now (Monday)

Me standing in the parking lot tomorrow morning as the financial aid workers pull up to work: 🤨

At the very least, they could’ve sent out an email stating a delay in refund disbursements instead of having us in the dark

I wanna know how many students are gonna call the Financial Aid office today. I would assume a lot.

I got a hold of someone in the Office of Finance.  She pointed her to finger at Financial Aid.  She told me that typically refunds are processed sooner.  Of course she could not tell me when to expect the refund to my account, but "assured that it would be withing the 14 day window."  I asked about if their office could reach out to academics since classes have started and most student use their financial aid overage to buy books and supplies. She said "they had no way of doing that." I am  gonna be 2 assignments behind in each class by the time I get my hands my textbooks.  Eh.  So I have to email each prof and hope they buy my sad story about refund?  This is seriously f-ed up.

Frankly, I trying to figure out why they can't tell us a better time frame than within 14 days.  If they are having a problem that is preventing the processing of it--they need to disclose that.  Otherwise, it comes off as a lack of giving a f about it.

Nope. I need my books ODU 🤧🤧 I refuse to pay for them out of pocket.

just want to say I’m so glad we are all getting our refund and I pray that 2024 will continue to work in our favor 🤞🏾🩷.

Still nothing. Must be a disbursement issue because this has never happened in my 4 years .

Currently in my final semester and I’ll echo the statements of a few others. This is the latest I’ve ever waited. Usually the refund hits the week of disbursement or the following Monday morning. I’m assuming the fin aid office had too much champagne on New Year’s Eve followed by too much vodka on New Year’s Day lol.

Just got off the phone with someone at aid office and they said everyone’s account is still sitting at a negative balance and refunds should start processing “soon”. A continuous run around only to be told we should buy our supplies out of pocket first if it’s going to affect classes. This is ridiculous

I sent out an email about the refund Jan 3rd and this morning I just got an email back saying “Thank you for contacting us. 
Your email has been received by the Office of Finance email tuition@odu.edu for student billing and payment inquiries.  

I'm sorry we have reached an extremely heavy email volume period at the start of the spring semester and apologize for the delay. 

You are currently enrolled in eRefund with the Saved Payment Method "My checking account xxxxxx".
As of this communication, the refund has not been issued. We're forwarding your email to the Cashier's Office for review.

Called the Office of Finance this time and they said refunds haven't been processed. At least mine hasn't. The rep told me that they are processing slower this year and are trying to adhere to the "within 14 calendar days of disbursement" standard they have been telling us. The rep did say calendar days and not business days. What's interesting is that the final calendar day coincides with the last day to add/drop classes. I wonder if they are trying to process everything all at once. Instead of processing refunds and then having to process refunds or charges again depending on whether a student drops or adds a class. I know a lot of us have been calling different offices to find out information. I just wanted to do my part lol.

Wow quick update , they just processed mine. Y’all check yours ! I sent them all an email, I was not playing .

Well, it looks like we all received the email about our refunds being processed. I just wanted to say thank you to everyone. I appreciate everyone that helped or just provided their opinions. I also appreciate the conversations I had on this thread. With this being my last semester at ODU, I just wanted to say good luck to all of you. I hope you all have a fantastic year and that you NEVER HAVE TO DEAL WITH THIS AGAIN. Also, I hope everyone kills it in the future.

It's crazy they are making us wait like this.

No refund either. Based on previous semesters, had expected it in my account last Thursday. Called Friday and was told that they're getting to it sometime this week and after that, it could take up to 14 business days. Do I expect it to take that long? Absolutely not but this is also ODU so who the hell knows? My wife is looking for a job and would happily run circles around the people in FA because clearly, someone or multiple people are slacking! If you don't want to allow students to utilize their FA to order books from the bookstore and have it come out of the FA before it pays for tuition, fine, but don't hold up student's refunds weeks after school starts.

Got a hold of some one today they not helpful at all she keep saying 2 weeks and I told her I needed the money for books she said 2 weeks

I’m so glad I found this thread, I made a Reddit just to join this conversation. Literally everyone is telling me “14 business days” like excuse me ? I usually get my refund before classes started, I was definitely expecting it to come last Friday or even Monday .

Refund status showing on my account. I hope you guys accounts are seeing action as well.

Y'ALL!!! CHECK YOUR ACCOUNTS! I sent an email about an hour ago to all the bigwigs in the Finance Dept. and my refund just got processed.

nope. i got the disbursement email but no refund yet

I did notice that today is the deadline to pay tuition. Maybe they are waiting till end of day to send it or tomorrow morning after due date?

I just saw another comment on another posting stating the system that processes e-refunds has been messed up and that's why ut hasn't been sent out, but they stated, it should be fixed at 3.

Movement!!!! Finally!!!! No more negative balance!!! Refunds are getting processed

FINALLY HAVE A ZERO BALANCE!!!

Refund credit just posted....GO CHECK YOUR ACCOUNTS

Just received my email… FINALLY 🥹

For those that haven’t received an email yet, me either.

Nothing for me yet either. Hopefully we get the email about the refunds being processed today.

Here's hoping we do.

Nope not at all. Thought it might hit today because I needed to buy a few things for class but 🫠

I haven’t either! This is insane!!!!! Something has to be going on.

Hopefully today is the day 🥲

Still no refund here :(

MY BALANCE WENT TO 0!!!!! And under account activity it said refund was made 1/10

Refund just posted....GO CHECK ACCOUNTS

I still have not received it yet either. This is my first semester and stressing a bit, is this normal? Classes have now started, and I was hoping it would have arrived already to get my textbooks.

Update they did proceed the refund go check everyone

Just got my refund email!

Anyone else not processed yet or no change?

Get ‘em! 😬 If they want to delay it, fine but at least send out a freaking message to communicate what the hell is going on.

There’s no way they can’t send an announcement 💀💀💀

I agree, This is beyond insane that no information has been sent out.

I agree! This is the latest I’ve ever waited as well!

I was told "I assure you it is processing"!  They need to pick a line and stick to it.  I am not sure of the logic that students that are receiving financial aid have a couple hundred dollars sitting around right after the holiday season to buy books. So I am guessing someone dropped the ball big or they are having issues causing an inability to be able to process refunds.

you’d think they’d recognize that if we could buy supplies out of pocket to begin with, then we likely wouldn’t need to be calling about this… and yet.

If they could at least just give us a more specific time frame I wouldn't be as upset but not knowing is getting me very anxious and stressed

“Soon” but yet none refund to be seen

The one I spoke to said the refunds were processed since the Jan 2 but to allow for 14 days to see it. But if you have direct deposit, it might show up 1-2 days after that 14 day period 🙄

Did you check I just saw it they already processed the refund today

Accused of AI when did not use AI… Hey y’all, I am so stressed out, I got an email from my professor saying I used AI for a paper I did not use AI on. I mean, it was a 1000 word paper for a FILM. He said turnitin detected it was 47% AI, which I don’t see how. It was a critical analysis for a film and we had to apply some of the topics we learned in class. I emailed him back saying I didn’t use AI and that once I got him from work I will share my google doc with him, and i even provided him with one screenshot of my notes taken from the class and offered a meeting via zoom with him so he can ask me questions about my process with writing the paper…

I am a very hands on studier- meaning I like to take notes and write everything because it helps me comprehend everything. Thank god at least, and i also did short timelapse of me working on my paper because it keeps me off my phone and I like looking back at them…

This really sucks. I worked so hard this semester just for it to be determined AI by another AI? AI detectors are so hit or miss.I’m literally going to create a case as soon as I get home from work and even contact the dean because I didn’t work as hard as I did for Turnitin to say it’s AI? 

What should I- Or shouldn’t do??

Just show him the history of the Google docs and you'll love. AI detection is still absolutely shit right now.

AI detection at this point in time is a complete joke. Chances are, a man made paper will show up as partially AI regardless how long it took you to write it. Same goes for actual AI papers right now. If I run an AI paper through another AI to change it up a bit, it’ll give a similar AI percentage as a self written paper.

Please make sure you bring it up with Department leadership. Even if you didn't use an AI for making the paper, it is unacceptable to throw accusations around like that. It creates a hostile environment and puts undue stress on you when you're trying to focus on your studies and trying to have a life outside of school. Leadership needs to be aware, you likely aren't the only one.

I would suggest to check Netus AI detector and bypasser

I am going to share the doc but because i wrote it in one sitting it is just showing up as one edit… But I really didn’t use AI… I feel like if I did it would be more than 47% ???

Yep, I put my paper through a few AI dectectors and got different readings. Between 35-56%… seems like such a big difference. I’m bummed because I worked my ass off this semester, and for my professor to question my work beacuse of an imperfect AI detecting my work as AI… I’m hoping he hears me out…

You’ll be fine. Most professors here aren’t used to the expanding technology at our disposal and unequivocally  trust in the new programs introduced by the university. They seem to think that since AI detection has been implemented into Canvas that it must be true. There isn’t enough evidence to say that you falsified the paper, your professor probably just wants you to be honest. I wouldn’t worry about it.

Thank you for your words, it’s been on my mind all day. i provided him a screenshot of my ipad notes I thankfully wrote for my paper and showed him other notes that i have written for papers in other classes to show i did indeed put the effort in, - and always have. even provided a link from turnitin that says that theyre ai detectors isn’t always accurate.  He even CCed my advisor which makes me nervous, but I am sure I will be fine.

Just for laughs, find some of your prof's papers and run them through an AI detector.  His department chair might find the results interesting.

Free Puss in Boots 2 The Last Wish showing TOMORROW at 5:35-8:00pm (link to RSVP below👇)

Hey everyone. The long awaited Puss in Boots: The Last Wish movie night is now officially happening! Details above! If your interested make sure to sign up below because there's limited seating 👇 

https://cglink.me/2cN/r2057049

My GF's Professor Died So the University Changed Her Degree Requirements She was 2 classes away from completion and now has 7 additional classes.

She's exhausted and frankly demoralized. They didn't hire a new professor.

This can't be normal. Can anyone give some insight on who to talk to in order to have this addressed?

Dean of Students maybe. I'm kinda skipping over the department chair and dean of the college the department belongs to, but you could try talking to them first to get some more information on what's going on before going to the dean of students

If true, then It sounds like the issue is there is no prof who is qualified to do a specific concentration so they are saying she has to pick a different concentration. But this sounds not correct to me or at least worth double checking. 

Did she talk to academic advisor in the department (as in is a prof in the department not  a staff person) or a general staff advisor for the college? I find the general ones often don’t really know the details of specific programs. 

Good luck

I'm assuming there is some misunderstanding here. It is not possible to just change degree requirements of that scale without approval by many people all the way up to the state level. As mentioned before they probably are not able to offer those two classes at this time and she is assuming or has been told she needs to switch. This is not required. The department chair has the ability to accept a limited number of changes to a course of study and still offer the same degree. This sounds exactly like a time when this should be used and they will probably be given wide latitude to make changes. As much as it doesn't feel like it sometimes, ODU does have a policy of putting students first when issues like this come up. Happy to answer dm if you want to give specifics and I can try to help.

Thank you! I appreciate you!

She talked to an advisor. The advisor she spoke too was apparently a professor and said this was normal.

Yes. It was her Shakespeare professor who passed. So there was no immediate professor to replace him. Instead they restructured the program instead of trying to find a replacement.

Basically she has 122 credits for a 120 credit program, because she has the old course credits that are apparently invalid for the degree requirement. 

She’s an English major with sociology minor I think.

Thank you for the assistance!

I’ll have her reach out to you directly. She’s also Reddit user. Maybe she can explain it better.

She currently has satisfied 122 credits of her 120 credit program.

Thank you.

Am I too old for college at 29? I have a half way done transfer associates at TCC that I screwed up because I had no business going straight out of highschool. I like the idea of finishing a degree program, but I'm not sure what to major in or see myself using the degree.  I'm close to pushing 30 in a few months, and I'm wondering if the college thing ship has sailed for me.

Nah you good.

I went back at 29, I'm 32 now hoping to graduate next year. It maybe an adjustment for you the 1st semester but the momentum builds up.

You’re good! I’ll be 35 when I graduate next year!

Never! 30 isn’t even old dude, think about if you live till 70 you still gotta do 30 years again and then some! Your life has truly just began! :) GO FOR IT!!

I’m a 48 year old sophomore. You’ll be just fine.

52 and taking one class at a time at ODU while working full time.

Nope, never to old. I’m in the same boat. I feel I get more out of it now that I’m older.

Go for it. I went back at 27 and it was one of the best choices I’ve made. Plenty of classmates that were much older than me too. The school has resources to guide you if you’re not sure about your major.

I'm 40 and just started taking classes online last year, go for it!

I graduated at 40

It may feel weird to be the “old dude” sitting in the back of the class like I was in philosophy 101, but you’re never too old. For context I was 36 sitting in the back of the class :)

I started at 32 and will graduate next month. I'll be 38 in April.

Nahh I'm 26 and it feels like just yesterday I was a traditionally aged college student. I do recommend getting a better grasp on what you should major in and how you're going to use it in your career before going into debt. It's a big investment in time and money.

You’re okay my mom went back to college at 32 for a nursing degree (that she never used but still) there’s a lot of students your age :) promise. Your education comes first and being thirty shouldn’t stop you from pursuing that!

I'm 33, so no.

Absolutely not. Go for it!

im 24 which isnt super up there but still older than the “norm” and my closest classmate/friends range from 28-46 :)!!

ODU especially has a lot of older students bc of the military.

I am in my 30s and just now getting my masters! 
I don’t regret going back to college at a non traditional age because I know what I want to do more.


I say if it is something you truly want to do in your heart then go for it. I know people who are successful with and without college. So yeah, college isn’t for everyone and that is okay too!


One thing to keep in mind is that this is YOUR journey. We all do things at different life stages and that is totally okay. Forgive yourself for what you did in the past. Good luck! If you stick to it, I think you would enjoy college.

Your age is no problem, but it’s not a good idea to take on loans if you don’t have a career plan for your degree. Any ideas for a major at all??

Advising Rant I don’t think anything can really be done but I just want to complain. I made an appointment with my advisor for today to have my hold lifted. We were supposed to meet at 11:30. I’m a commuter. I live at the VB oceanfront. I am only available to come up here on Wednesday’s because I work full time. I drove out here, payed the meter and everything. My advisor isn’t here. He isn’t responding to my emails or anything. So now I’ve wasted my time and money for an advising appointment that easily could have been done online. I’ve been waiting here for 45 minutes in case he shows up but it’s not looking hopeful. I’m just pissed that I wasted my time and money because this man couldn’t communicate with me. 




UPDATE: He just responded saying he needs to move it to 3:15. Why couldn’t you tell me that BEFORE 11:30 when I drove 22 miles out here!!!!!!

My advising appointments have always been zoom meetings, but they look like live meetings in the auto-generated email. You might want to look into that.

I haven’t had an advising appt in 3 semesters. Are you sure they’re even required

Dang that sucks, I only commute from Portsmouth and this would make me mad being stood up like this

I feel like some of those in academia don’t understand how their students can have real lives outside of college

I'm waiting to hear back from my advisor. I didn't request a meeting. I treated it like we've been doing it for the past 2 years to see what he says.

The graphic design department puts a hold on our account until we meet with an advisor. No clue why

Meanwhile I simply sent my schedule to my history advisor and got my hold lifted in like 20 minutes

They just want us design students to suffer huh

should I report my roommate for drug use? Long story short, I moved into one of the college apartments with 3 other roommates about a week ago and today I packed all my stuff and moved back home (it's just a 40 min drive so I will be commuting to school from now on). My other two roommates are fine, it's just this one roommate who always smokes weed and has the apartment smelling like shit. He leaves his shit everywhere and never cleans up after himself. He always invites a shit bunch of people over and they yell and scream and play loud ass music with the bass all the way up and I just said fuck it and moved out cuz I'm not dealing with this shit. My question is this: I already signed the contract for the apartment, and in the housing portal they said under certain circumstances, you can cancel your contract and they refund your money. I saw in the contract that not controlling noise levels are a violation and that marijuana, tobacco, and any other drugs are prohibited on campus and serious consequences will be made. He had a big ass party last Thursday and I woke up Friday morning to see the whole living room trashed and apart from cigarettes, weed, and alcohol everywhere, I also found some empty syringes on the table which the guy threw away immediately when he woke up. This is another reason why I left today, because I'm concerned for my safety and idk wtf they're on. All I know is that im outta there for good, all I care about is getting my money back or atleast canceling the contract. I wonder if I should mention the noise and/or the drugs to make my argument more convincible. Any thoughts? Sorry this is kind of a rant, but I didn't know who to ask.

If it were just weed and booze I'd say leave it be, but syringes bump it up a whole nother level. As long as you've tried to talk to them first, get your money back, it's not cheap the live on campus.

Yea might as well if you decided to move out. May get your money back or a new dorm

If you live in a university owned apartment I would report him and possibly email the residence hall director about being moved to another place. They can be very accommodating when it comes to things like that.

As someone who use to burn in the dorm, I see both sides. Have you confronted them about cleaning and the music/guest. I always believe to confront the person before going to authorities. If you have and they havent changed, then yes, do it. Thats a lack of respect.

They can easily smoke outside.

Me personally i wouldnt want anyone to get in trouble, or possibly expelled, however you paid and have the right to be at peace

Weed is legal in VA, it’s like saying “he was smoking cigarettes inside” technically. I would mention everything but it until they won’t give you your money back. And say you didn’t really want to get him in trouble or some shit.

Yes

Yeah I see your point. To be honest, I'm kinda scared to talk to him. He doesn't exactly have the "friendliest" demeanor. I've talked to my other roommates about it, and they said that they don't smoke and that it does bother them but "it is what it is" and they "tolerate it". So if they're scared to talk to him then I am too, and my Mom was striving against me talking to him about it, as she doesn't want me making enemies there or "get on his bad side". What bothers me the most is the noise(and it's everyday) and I mentioned the drug problem just to make my argument more convincing, (but also I genuinely am concerned for my safety after finding those syringes)

Weed isn't legal on campus because it's still federally illegal and ODU receives federal money.

wait... syringes? I thought you was talking about weed. Report the fuck outta them. Doing heroin in college is a huge red flag. Like bigger than the confederate flag that use to fly in fredrickberg off 95. Report and dont bring it up to him. 

I thought you was talking about weed.

You need to grow up and confront your room mate about this. You have no idea how they’ll respond. But instead you decided to pack your stuff up and leave. I know this is harsh to hear but this is real life, I’ve had shitty roommates, and you’re going to have to confront them, because no one is coming to save you. That’s lesson 1. 

But, syringes does change things. Weed and alcohol and partying are one thing, syringes and possible opioid use? I’d ask what the fuck they are doing, what it is, and if it’s an opioid I’d explain that I’d tell management if you see it again, you’ll report him so they’ll have to break the lease. In no way should YOU be the one leaving. They should.

Let’s be clear. It’s not allowed on campus because it’s a private business and it can make it’s own rules. It’s only illegal the moment they inform federal authorities about it. Virginia doesn’t care.

I think they can still go to Whitehurst beach since the edge of it isn’t considered campus

I totally get your point. I've talked about this with other people and some have mentioned he's the one who should leave, not me. And while I completely agree, my other two roommates are scared to talk to him, so it is not very likely he will listen to me. And again, considering the drugs this guy does and his overall demeanor, I don't want to become his enemy. I get him kicked out and I continue living there, well now he knows where I live and where I stay and that's not a risk I'm willing to take. I completely understand your point, and if he was a nicer person I would confront him but he is not, therefore I don't feel comfortable. These aren't just bad habits that I don't like, these are actual legit safety concerns and therefore I'm taking it more seriously. I appreciate your input tho

It is specifically banned on campus because of the federal gov. They don't have to inform for them to lose funding, all it takes is one whistle-blower.

Completely understand your stance. I also understand that not every is confrontational like me. The best option in your case is to immediately inform management and get a refund, and move out. Good luck!

Edit: I just hate people being shoe horned or forced into a bad scenario (you), it’s lightway bullying. But again I’m just getting riled up 😂.

You'll make a good case with Housing if all three of you go to them at the same time.  This is not something like leaving dishes in the sink or a personality conflict; it's something clearly against university rules and the law that reduces your ability to enjoy the room you rented.

If you're that concerned about your safety, get a restraining order.

Yeah… that’s what I said.

But, the thought that a guy smoking on campus would get them to loose federal funding is… laughable.

That's not what you said at all, and it's clear you don't understand federal funding. It's not one person smoking that loses funding its having a permissive environment; which is why it is officially illegal on campus.

Bro just stop at that point your right but at the same time your completely wrong. Grow up my guy, this is two years old but I had to say something insufferable people like you need to know it.

What court would I appear under should I violate these rules?

ODU launching first four-year Manufacturing Engineering Technology Degree in Virginia

Please don't waste student's time..sheesh.

Any ODU students or faculty/staff want to join me and a friend in some evening kayak/paddle boarding? July 10 around 5pm. It’s $5! We need 2 more people to register in order for it to happen. (Must be with ODU)

Maybe! What are yalls ages?

Dang, I'm most likely going to still be out of town. 

OAP is great, I've done many of their trips in the past.

Are you still looking for someone else?

Late 30s females.

That’s too bad, but the program does seem really nice, looking forward to utilizing it this year!

They have spots for up to 9 people, so we have room for several more people, they require a minimum of 4 to sign up to even have the event.

Do I need to have a kayak/paddle?

Well hey I’m mid 30s female, if theres 1 more single person I could go! But if you get a duo ill be fine not going!

Please do!  At the very least, you can go rent camping gear from them and plan your own trips, although it's best to go on a guided trip first if it's something you're new to.

No, everything is provided (kayak, paddle, board, life jackets), you just have to wear sandals or water shoes (no flip flops)

Oh, no, you can come! They have spots for up to 9, so there’s space for 7 more! We just need a minimum of 2 more people for them to do the event.

Thanks! We ended up with enough people and did the guided kayak tour. The guides were awesome and gave us a tour of the OAP and all they had to offer. I’ve already been back to rent paddle boards. I’ve got my own camping gear (actually in a tent right now) but I’ll e looking out for more events and ways to use it. It’s a great resource for students.

Sounds great. I’m in!

Awesome, I'm so glad to hear that.  They always hire great people, and the permanent staff there are super friendly and knowledgeable.  I'm really glad it exists, too, I was there all the time when I was around.

Great! One you register, they say they’ll send more info a couple days before the paddle. 
We’ll see you there!

One of the pages said we’ll have to attend a pre-event brief a week before the event or my spot will be given up. Is that really the case? I still didn’t get any more communication than the receipt of signing up

I have no idea. I’m assuming/hoping it’ll be on zoom if anything.

Hey, they just sent an email out today about it. There’s just a form to print and fill out and bring.

Thanks, got the email. Looking forward to it!

ODU campus to fully reopen Fall 2021

I’ll believe it when I see it happen.

Really hope this is successful. Online classes are garbage.

Gonna be a drag having to be in my in person class at 9AM though, not gonna lie

To all the folks who wondered what the 2nd floor of the cafe looked like, here it is.

That's really cool! I remember when that was supposed to be additional seating. Thanks for sharing!

Odu alum and star pitcher, Justin Verlander wins his first world series

And apparently he's getting married this weekend to fucking Kate Upton.
http://people.com/style/kate-upton-marries-justin-verlander-this-weekend/

what a life

Yay no classes ! Old Dominion University to close campus this weekend due to impending snow storm

They must think the storm will be pretty bad. They won't even cancel classes when there are multiple tornados surrounding campus.

You students today have it way too easy! When I went to ODU, we had to walk to school 7 days per week, uphill, both ways, in all four seasons, barefoot,...

Ain't no damn hills here

ODU on ESPN

Our offense is amazing, but our defense is garbage. We won't do any good in the next conference letting up 40+ points a game.

It's basically who can score the most when we play, which worked for the most part in this conference. It wont work forever.

This makes me sad.

It was a great season. I'm proud of all we've accomplished in such a short time.

Heinicke Heinicke Heinicke WHOO!!!

I don't appreciate this -_-

and that's why are recruiting class is heavily defensive.  watch for true freshman starting at linebacker, corner, and defensive tackle

Agreed.  It really put a damper on me studying.

I felt when it came to the pass defense odu was pretty decent.

Did you see the Coastal Carolina game?

Yea I was there, I meant more of during the season. They had a good amount of interceptions.

ODU Football to play at North Carolina and UMD in 2013.

In simplest terms: HOLY SHIT!

ICYMI: Disbursement update

This should have been announced on the 5th.

agreed

Precipitous Decline of P Franks I love P Franks, I have been eating there weekly for over a year. The food was good and cheap, the quality was high for a restaurant of its caliber and my bill felt fair. 

Since the original owner and manager transferred control to her son, the quality has plummeted, and the price has skyrocketed. It honestly seems like I never pay the same price twice even though I always get the same thing. 

The food is often overcooked, they have gotten stingy with the toppings, and the seasoned fry’s have never seen a salt shaker. It is a tragedy. 

I mourn for the old P Franks. It was truly a gem. I hope they can make a comeback, but my friends and I are seriously considering ending our weekly P Franks tradition. 

Does anyone else feel this way?

I dont but the owner is great. I would suggest reaching out to her and stating your opinion to see if it is something that can be managed.

Yeah, P Franks started being garbage a year or two ago. It's sad. They were pretty good.

I wish I didn't agree. I've stopped going.

Hot dogs suck. Just eat hamburgers bro.

Hot dogs are (can be) amazing. Pittie Dog Grill on Granby is a prime example of a place that elevates it to something really delicious

Some of the Hot Dog offerings at P Franks used to slap, and I really dont like hot dogs very much. Thats why it has been hard to decide I know longer like to eat them there.

Pittie Dogs is the absolute goat of hot dog places. The caliber of Chicago Dogs they have is unmatched outside of Chicago.

Semesterly PSA you can take CLEP/DSST exams for most gen eds at ODU (Modern States offers free vouchers for clep) https://www.odu.edu/academics/academic-records/score-analysis/clep-dantes

This is an amazing resource and more students should use it! If you are diligent you can get 30+ credits this way for free. 

Somewhere on the ODU website they have a list of all the CLEP tests they accept and what class it counts as. Be sure to check that against your degree track before choosing a CLEP exam to study for.

Favorite ODU character? My favorite is the speaker guy. He goes around playing record scratches, which is music with nothing but record scratches and beat. Although, he does have a rare chance of playing music with lyrics. He is everywhere but nowhere at the same time. He only appears when you least expect it, but my my is he a character! 
Anyone have any favorites?

How good is Academics and Food? Hello! So i'm trying to decide between many schools and wanted to know how good the academics and food are as well as dorms as well.

I applied a few days ago, so not sure if ill get into things such as the honors college (4.517, 1510), but how overall is the experience?

[deleted]

I’ll say I absolutely feel in love with Norfolk and I grew love economics more while studying at ODU. Del Vecchios right across from campus is the best pizza spot in the city and I know I went around town trying to find the best pizza place in the city. As far as academics my experience differs because I went there for grad school but I’m in a PhD now and the best professors I had were at ODU. If you love mid size cities with the ammenties of a big city without the pace and bustle you’ll love exploring the town and its history. ODU gets a lot of flack and I’m going to be honest it wasn’t a top school for me but it was in retrospect the best decision I made.

U will get into the honors college, dont worry. The honors dorms (ur own bedroom) are nice. The mess hall is fine, nothing to rave about but not bad. If u get the all u can eat meal plan (required for freshmen living on campus), u get 5 “meal exchanges” a week, where u can go to any of the actual restaurants in the Webb center to get a meal. It is good portions too, especially if you go to Qdoba or Panda Express

I had low hopes coming into this school but honestly I'm glad I didn't go to my dream school (JMU). ODU is my home. I love the atmosphere and area a lot down here in Norfolk. The food is not bad in the dining hall, it does the trick, but you will absolutely take advantage of the meal exchanges as other say Lots of places like Subway, Panera, Chick fil A, Panda Express, etc.

The academics in my major are great, I've been given some amazing opportunities so far but it may differ depending on your major. Our engineering program is one of the better ones, I've heard.


My dorm is nice and clean and I haven't had any problems yet as well!

I can’t say anything on food but the academics also depend on the major you’d like. As far as the CS degree goes (my major) I’ll say it’s decent

I have kids at Tech, Radford and ODU. Food is 100% better than Radford. Lots of exchange for a fast food restaurants that Tech doesn’t have. But downside is, there is 5x the crime at ODU. We had a bike stolen first week. Theft is common, gun violence is rampant.

Based on the experiences of multiple students, go somewhere else. This school is literally a joke.

Aero/Mech Enginnering

That’s if they accept my application before the honors college deadline 🥲

Yeah i'm currently between UVA/VT/some other schools/ and ODU if I get in and get good aid.

Like UVA/VT are better academic wise but the cost....

I'm going to tour UVA and VT within 2 weeks so I might tour ODU if I have time.

That sounds nice, thanks for the advice!

That’s nice’

Why u not go to ur dream school

Mec/Aero Enginnering

Aero/Mech Enginnering

What about academics overall?

Not true. The crime is not x5 at ODU and gun violence is not rampant. That's a flat out lie! Gun violence on University campuses is not just an ODU thing it happens all over the country. ODU was one of few schools in the country that's ever had a shooting on campus and don't even get me started at shootings that have happened at Virginia tech or UVA or VCU!

[deleted]

[deleted]

Yeah I hope you like it. I’m not going to pretend it’s the best school but I fell in love with it.

Farther away. I grew up in VB. JMU is not my atmosphere I realized anyway. I liked the band here more too.

Because JMU is a party school and this person probably wanted a serious education and actually do something with their life. A lot of JMU grads work at Taco Bell.

I hear engineering is pretty solid here. Although I’m not one to say on the matter. Just what I’ve overheard

ODU is a R1 level University. 

Read this: https://www.odu.edu/r1#:~:text=Research%20Powerhouse%20by%20the%20Sea,place%20to%20do%20impactful%20work.

Universities with r1 status is a big deal and it puts ODU in the upper percentile of universities in the state because of it. 

I'm an ODU alum. 
I graduated a long time ago. I got a job out of college immediately built my career now I work in cybersecurity. I'm a tech lead for a DOD contractor. I make over six figures. Some of the most prestigious companies from all over the country come to ODU to recruit students. I remember when I graduated several three-letter agencies were there trying to recruit students. ODU's r1 status is what attracts prestigious employers to want to hire ODU grads. What they won't tell you is Virginia tech has really poor career management programs for students. They just believe their name Virginia tech is enough for students to be successful. A lot of major employees around the Hampton roads area, Northern Virginia and DC Love ODU grads. Why? Many of the executives that run the corporations are ODU grads or their kids went to ODU. The last time I was in DC just walking around with my fiance I saw a lot of silver and blue ODU attire when I was there.

Well, VCU is kind of an outlier, the campus stretches from one end of Richmond to the other and includes a massive hospital system. And definitely 20 something years ago Virginia Tech had a terrible incident. But, this information is available publicly. Like you could look up and compare between Radford and Old Dominion without any sort of credentials. I’m not saying it’s a bad school, it’s just certainly not as safe as many other schools in our state. My niece is at Longwood and nobody locks their bikes up there, our bike was stolen in the first few days at Old Dominion WITH a lock and an AirTag. And since September, there have been 3 gun incidences, one at the gym, one in a dorm and one outside the dining hall. It’s not like it’s on some far end of campus, it’s where people live and go.

That sounds good. Ill have to see when I get in + offer to know if I go.

Hopefully my offer comes in soon :(

I hope so.  
How long normally? Ive seen 2-4 weeks, 1-5 days, and many others.

Been around 4 days.

Thank you! I'll make sure to look into it and if I have any questions i'll let you know!

Yeah I do agree with you, like I heard ODU has research first year and that can make it better then scores like VT.
Thanks for the insight!

So that's what this is about a stolen bike now the university's bad because of it?

Everybody's mad at ODU for making that big move with EVMS and attempt to attract higher profile students to the campus. I heard other alumnus from other schools on Capitol Hill that was trying to Make it so the merger would not happen between ODU and EVMS. Now ODU has a huge medical system with sentara.

[deleted]

[deleted]

That’s not what I’m saying and I think you know that, or else maybe we can answer OPs question about the actual academics because it seems like reading comprehension and critical thinking skills are lacking.

Thank you!

Yeah i'm worried cause 4+ weeks is past April 15th :(

I already answered the OPs question. I'm just over here correcting somebody who doesn't know anything other than what 13 news reports about ODU.

[deleted]

Yes I did FAFSA in December

Heard from everywhere except FSU

ODU, GMU, or VCU Hey guys, I'm a senior in HS going into engineering (mechanical or electrical not fully sure yet) in college. My admissions right now are looking like these schools might be my best options and I wanted to know if you guys had any input on the best one.

Every source I've read has had varying reviews on both the strength of their engineering programs and their social life so I'm curious what you guys think. ODU I've heard specifically is a commuter school where it's hard to make friends.

ODU used to be a commuter school but has made a huge investment in its on-campus life over the past 20 years including adding dorms, student services, research capabilities, etc. Some students do still commute. Some students do complete online courses and degrees. But if you want a residential student experience, you can get that at ODU.

If you opt for a residential experience, some students do treat it like a party school and get very little out of their courses or investment, but many take it extremely seriously. If you want to take your degree and your preparation seriously,  making friends with likeminded people will allow you to have the experience you want.

College is a resource rich environment but no one will make you do anything, so you need to be self-motivated and responsible to get the most out of it. 

Good luck with your choice and your future. Going to college is an exciting adventure!

For friends, just look out for events that happen during activity hour (Tues and Thurs from 1230-130) or see if there's a club/group of people doing a hobby you enjoy. Webb Center is generally a good spot to meet people. I'm a psych major but most of my friends are engineering or computer/cyber majors, some of the classes will kick your ass, either cause of content or professors, so definitely use resources at the library if you decide to come here

ODU isnt a communter school. If you're not looking for a serious college experience and you're looking to just to party, get drunk and eventually drop out, ODU isn't for you.

FYI, I'm an ODU graduate, not working in cybersecurity, making 6 figures.

VCU and ODU have similar student demographics and I believe GMU has more international. All have good programs but ODU and VCU have more energy on campus than GMU.

No to GMU. 

But between ODU and VCU it depends your personality and wants. If you want to go to football games and are more fratty - ODU. If you’re more artsy and like city life - VCU. 

Being from NoVa I personally hated Norfolk, but I like Richmond so it depends on those factors. 

Engineering is engineering you’ll win at either of those schools. ODU might have a slight edge because of all the Military stuff

GMU is also a commuter school. VCU is not. I would not choose GMU over ODU unless I lived in nova and same for ODU over GMU - only if you live in hampton roads. ODU is a minority majority school. GMU serves a diverse population reflective of nova. VCU is the most traditional college experience. VCU and ODU are urban and GMU is in the suburbs but a metro ride away from DC. DC >> Richmond >> Norfolk, but Norfolk has a beach. 

I would encourage you to visit all 3. They’re all about the same academically so choose based on campus feel.

Don’t go gmu never heard anything good about it from people I know who went there

ODU is definitely not a commuter school anymore (it did used to be). However, GMU definitely IS a commuter school. If you want to make friends/go to parties/attend sporting events, I would definitely pick one of the other two. 

VCU isn't a commuter school, but it is an urban campus so it won't have that traditional campus feel that ODU has. It also doesn't have a football team. ODU isn't very good at football, but the games and tailgates are really fun. ODU also has the most affordable tuition in VA if that is a factor for you. Because the student population at ODU is so diverse, I think most people have a pretty easy time making friends. I did, and I'm pretty shy. 

I am from Richmond and I chose ODU over VCU because I wanted a real "college experience" with football and a closed off campus, because it was less expensive, and because it always seemed to me growing up that you had to be super artsy to fit in at VCU because it definitely has a reputation of being more of an arts school. 

Honestly, it's more about the college culture you are looking for! I just wouldn't pick GMU if you're looking for a social life. Lol.

As an ODU graduate, Master’s student and alum, I would like to strongly recommend ODU. I know very little about the other two options, but I will say that Richmond is a cool town if you like city life. 

If you need help with the ODU bureaucracy  or just want to come visit, hit me up. I run a data center on campus.

I’m currently attending ODU as a commuter. I started off on the global campus (all online). I think they do a good job of online classes and in person classes. And even being a commuter, there’s still a sense of community from the on campus life.

I heard it’s classified as a research university. I don’t know anything about the other two, but I’d say visit all three and make your pick based on that. 

I like it.

I would pick VCU over ODU. I came back here after a couple years off and it’s not the same school in the slightest. The only pro is that this is a relatively easy school otherwise we wouldn’t have a 96% acceptance rate and decent retention

ODU all the way. I am a student there now and I have toured GMU before and it was soooo boring. It’s a nice campus but the social life seems sucky. My friend doesn’t seem to really love it. A few friends go to VCU and seem to enjoy it similar to ODU.

When I went to ODU we jokingly called it Overdose University (ODU). Is it still not just a party school?

As someone who grew up in Richmond very close to VCU's campus but went to ODU, I strongly disagree that VCU is the "most traditional college experience."

ODU is considered an "urban" campus but it has clear and defined boundaries. VCU's campus is completely integrated into downtown Richmond, it has no lawn or campus feel. When you are walking around, it feels like you're at an arts school, which isn't a bad thing, but it's not "traditional." ODU also has a stronger sports program with a football team.

ODU isn’t a minority majority school. 🤣

What do you like about VCU?

Agreed. I chose ODU over VCU because of the more traditional campus vibe. They're very similar though. Specifically for engineering Id give ODU the edge. For medicine or art, I'd go the other way.

White students make up under half of students. That’s the definition??

ETA: all 3 schools meet the definition but the percentages are different. ODU 45 white / 30 black / 10 hispanic / 5 asian. VCU 45 white / 20 black / 15 asian / 10 hispanic. GMU 35 white / 20 asian / 15 hispanic / 10 black. So definitely a different feel at every school. Every school does have a stomp and shake cheer team though. To compare these look at the national demographics of 60 white 20 hispanic 15 black 5 asian.

As someone in my last semester in an engineering degree at ODU I find those numbers surprising. Maybe the Engineering department skews white?

It also feels odd to me that you single out ODU as “majority minority” as if that was a distinguished factor and not the norm for all 3 schools. As you noted; none of the 3 schools have over 50% a single race. 🤷‍♂️

Don't Give Up

Toilet paper We pay how much to attend here, and they can’t keep toilet paper stocked in BAL for us ibs, period having girlies 😭

Yes! It’s been like that for almost two weeks now 🥲

Omg i thought I was the only one experiencing this!! Especially on the second floor because I have had to ask so many people outside of the stall to give me a paper towel to wipe 🤦🏽‍♀️

Yeah! I go on the first floor before class and pray I don’t have to go during class cuz the second floor doesn’t have ANY

And they put up signs stating don’t flush paper towels.. well keep it stocked 😭😂the second floor is the worst with it. Sometimes I walk down to the single restrooms and there’s usually one wit toilet paper left

Looking for someone attending college with a felony As the title says, I’m looking for someone who has a felony and is attending college. I don’t care what you did, just want to interview you and get your answers on certain topics. It’s for a class project and for me to gain experience with interviews and journalism.

You will stay anonymous unless you would like for your name to be on the paper. Also, I can’t promise much, but I’ll try to compensate you for your time, we can work something out. Just reply to me in private messages.

Apart from that, I’m also looking to interview a felon who just got released, and someone currently incarcerated with a felony. If anyone knows how I can go about interviewing someone that’s still in prison, that’d be a huge help, as well as finding someone or know someone who just got released and would be willing to have a interview. If you know someone, let me know in private messages if that’s cool with you.

Do you need "commission" of a felony? Or do you need "conviction" of a felony?

I have a felony and am a student here at ODU. I don't mind helping with your project, no compensation needed. I'm an online student, though, so we'd have to use Zoom. 


You might be able to find a formerly incarcerated person and currently incarcerated person to interview on the r/prison subreddit.

Go to your closest construction site, find a white dude that’s a roofer who has lots of tattoos. There’s your felon! As for inside the prison, might want to hit up some of the local church’s that evangelize in the prisons to get info on an inmate who might be willing to have a discussion.

If they are currently incarcerated they shouldn’t be on Reddit lmao wtf

I have a few felony convictions.

I have a felony and am attending college. Feel free to pm me.

I have a DUI. Is that close enough? Or does it have to be a felony charge?

Conviction

Has to be a felony charge

Has anyone tried ODUs personal training membership? I really want to try and have an active lifestyle, but I have no idea where to start and I’m insecure and don’t t know what to do when I’m at the gym. I figured it’s decently cheap, so I’d try it out, but I’d like some opinions from others.

mysterious direction clumsy quickest gullible safe different squeeze uppity toy

 *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev)*

I never did personal training but I did take their classes and loved them

I was a personal trainer at ODU for a few years when I was in PT school…I worked mostly with the READY program at the time which was for young adults with developmental delays practicing living in dorms with help from other students. I would say you’re usually getting help from students who are trying to pay for college or looking to do training professionally at some point. As with any service if you don’t like your first trainer you can always switch and find someone who you feel comfortable with, but it can be a very good opportunity to help you feel comfortable in the gym setting. Good luck!

TW: rape/sexual assault ODU has a bit of a reputation with student as a university that does not support survivors of assault. There was apparently a specific Twitter space years ago where students would post about their assault, but I can’t seem to find it now that Twitter is ‘X’. We need a space to share our stories and talk with other survivors… ODU released an official report that only 14 students were raped on campus in all of 2021, 4 in 2020, and 15 in 2019?!?! I know 14 students off the top of my head!! We deserve better y’all. Anyone with experiences or feelings around this topic, post here!!

Tbh the way the said “ONLY 14” is kinda crazy. 14 is an insane amount of rapes for a campus of our size. Not that any amount of rape is good…just that it seems to be a lot.

I was SA’d during my sophomore year and my chem II TA at the time, Rebecca Rich,  let me know that I wouldn’t be excused from the class I missed for my rape kit appointment the next morning. She also said any further absences wouldn’t bs excused. Missed 3 labs before i started going out and somewhat being comfortable walking to campus again. My grade dropped to a 60, but I brought it up to a passing grade of 75. Apparently I bombed the final & teacher assessment worth 15% & 10% of my grade, respectively, because I checked leo online and she entered D+ as my final grade. Wasn’t even put into blackboard I just had to see my failure on my transcript.

I agree. However, the national average for sexual assaults on college campuses is 6.1 per 1000 students, which according to many researchers, is actually a significant underestimate. However, ODU has undergraduate enrollment of over 18,000 students, which means that there were probably over 100 sexual assaults on campus each year, and only 10% or so were reported to campus police.

Girl I’m so sorry. Special place in hell for Ms. Becky

How can I resolve an issue with my professor after going to the dean Hey everyone, I'll try to provide as much detail as possible without revealing too much personal information.

This issue begins when my professor starts the class. Essentially there's simply to much lab work for the allotted amount of class time. To complete the lab reports we must complete the labs, but as we get closer the end of the semester that's now not feasible. To help us get caught up the professor has asked students to come into the lab during times that were never mentioned at the beggining of the semester.

I am busy with work or other classes from 9am to 7pm monday through friday, therefore coming into those extra lab hours isn't a possibility. When I expressed these concerns to him he suggested I drop the class to avoid the failing grade. Essentially I've paid 3 credits worth of tuition for a class that I did not have a chance to succeed in from the start due to the professor mismanaging the available class time. 

Reaching out to the dean of the college was unsuccesful, as he essentially told me that it's my fault that I cannot make it too lab times that my professor might aswell have plucked out of thin air midway through the semester.

I was just curious if there's any further steps i can take to seek some kind of compromise. 

P.s. The dean had mentioned online students taking this same course have access to a written assignment, but that option isn't available to me. The simple fix seems to just have anyone unable to make it too these previously unscheduled labs do that assignment instead.

Take a W is your only other option. They are going to say it is a time management problem on your end, and they are under no obligation to provide in person students the same work as online, especially in a lab setting outside of reasonable accommodations for students that require them.

Go to student ombudsperson (the office name might have changed). Just keep asking different people (like your academic advisor) until you find that office (also try google). This office is designed to figure out how to resolve conflict between students and their classes. 

I promise you there is some office at the university who can help (or at least try) for these events.

This sounds like ECE 241 lol

There may be additional details that might need to be considered.  For example, have other students been able to complete the labs within the original hours provided?  If so, then it implies that there may be issues without how you used the lab hours that were originally given.

I'd like to give you the benefit of the doubt, but I do also need to consider the case I describe above.

I have my own issues with one of the professors on campus (in that he doesn't use a rubric or a lesson plan, makes up most assignments spontaneously, hasn't shown very high competency in the subject that he's teaching, is very disorganized and loses student assignments, isn't familiar with his own syllabus, and appears to grade assignments and quizzes according to his emotional state rather than if the directions were followed exactly or the answers to questions are correct).  I'm hoping that my case is an outlier and that the administration is likely to correct the issue.  He is the first professor I've had since I started at ODU that I've had these issues with.  I've currently been in contact with his direct supervisor in an attempt to resolve the situation, and haven't brought it higher yet because I'm giving his supervisor an opportunity to implement an adequate resolution.

So while you may be in a somewhat similar situation, it would be unfair to not acknowledge that there is additional information to consider.

Im trying to avoid taking that W at all costs. If i do that means I'll have to take the same class with the same professor in another semester. Depending on when that is offered it may end up moving my graduation from this spring to next fall. To let this class and professor fuck me over like that is very frustrating.

https://ww1.odu.edu/life/dean-students/student-outreach

I had considered that scenario myself, bur after asking my peers in other groups its seems the majority were in a similar boat, and those that were not were able to go to the unscheduled lab hours.

What I've learned since posting this thread is that the professor in question is the only one able to teach this course. So without him basically every student who needs that credit would be on hold until they can offer the class again. In short he has the school by the balls, and it this point some of my other classes have ended early and hopefully i can pull out a passing grade, if i cannot i have i believe a very solid case for a tuition refund and grade appeal.

I get that, but you don't really have another option, unfortunately. You can try and escalate to the Dean of Students, and maybe they can work something out with your professor.

[deleted]

That sounds unfortunate, not just because it's a bad situation concerning the class, but also because it sounds as if the dean of the college was dismissive of the issue.  Have you talked with the other students, in asking them to submit statements about the requirement of additional hours and how it affects their ability to manage time for their other classes and personal lives?

That would truely be a last resort. The email I received from the dean of the college I felt was fairly insulting and Im afraid of that happening again. I feel like pleading to administrstion they'll get the impression that i'm a pissed off student that's too lazy to come into extra available hours to do the labs. Part of why I think the dean of the college responded the way he did.

The reality is that I just like many other students here work as much as I can to be able to afford this education. To lose hours at work and/or skip another class to accomadate this professors inability to properly pace his class seems unfair to me and any of my classmates in a similar position. Do you have any suggestions regarding how I can best present my arguement to get some kind of accomdation? 

Frankly the whole situation is starting to feel like extortion with extra steps. Btw thanks for letting me vent.

https://ww1.odu.edu/life/dean-students

Probably the move if i have too.

Not for nothing, but you are at your last resort.

As far as I'm aware, the only accommodations that professors are obligated to follow are the ones from the Office of Educational Accessibility and those types require documentation from a doctor.

IMO, your best bet is to lay out a strictly factual email to the Dean of Students office explaining the situation and your previous attempts to remedy it. I wouldn't try to plead your case so much as state your case. That office exists to help students, so they'll at least listen to you. Just be prepared them to say that there is nothing they can do.

I know it would suck to take a W, but believe me, that and an extra semester is much better than an F.

For those interested in getting upper division gen ed credit fairly easily and at a fairly low cost Hi, I graduated two years ago. Saw a post on here that made me think that sharing this might help someone. Also this is aimed at somebody who isn't in business school as this is for business course credit. So ODU grants upper division business credit for the marketing and management CLEP exams. They are MGMT 325 and MKTG 311. [https://modernstates.org/](https://modernstates.org/) is a website where you can get free study materials (it's the only thing I used) and also you complete their course to get a free voucher for the CLEP exams which would usually cost $89. I think you can schedule the exam somewhere at ODU (I was online out of state and did it at a community college). The proctoring fee is usually $20-$30 and modern states even has a spot where you can apply for reimbursement of the proctoring fee. I'm also sharing this because these two tests are known to be among the easiest of CLEP exams and would only require two or three weeks of dedicated studying at most. It would possibly be something to do if you have downtime during winter break! I know this saved me some money so I thought I'd share this.

Great advice! 

Also, you can co-enroll at TCC and get transfer credit, just know that the GPA doesn't transfer (only credits) unless you also register with ODU for the same class, & pay ODU for it, which is a ripoff.

Thanks for this post! I want to point out that there is a test called the DSST that has more upper-level courses you can test out of. I actually took 12 CLEP and DSSTs (and saved an asston of money) and used ModernStates for the CLEPs. The upper divs I tested out of were Marketing (MKTG 311), Management (MGMT 325), Principles of Finance (FIN 323), Business Law (FIN 331), Human Resource Management (MGMT 340), Principles of Supervision (SEPS 302), Ethics in America (POLS 495), and Intro to Educational Psychology (PSYC 3ELE). I did all my upper-division CLEPs/ DSSTs this past summer and I'm graduating with no debt :)

Is is just a pass/fail for the CLEP?  How long are the tests typically?  Are they multiple choice?

This was exactly what I was looking for/needed. Thank you!

[deleted]

Hi, I am looking to take the FIN 331 CLEP - did you find it hard?  How long did you spend looking over the material?  I either need to pass the CLEP or the class by the end of year for graduation and I can only get into the class this summer.  So I would need to make sure I passed it by the drop period of the summer classes.  Appreciate any and all info and advice!

That one was actually a DSST exam- Principles of Finance. https://www.odu.edu/academics/academic-records/score-analysis/clep-dantes#tab140508551023=1&done1612907281342

Honestly I didn't find it hard at all. I studied for like two weeks for that exam using InstantCert and modern states. The only exam I found truly challenging was Principles of Finance.

Awesome!  I have heard the two available professors for this are both not ideal so hoping I can just skip them.

No problem! I took Campolongo for Employment Law and heard he teaches Fin 331 too. He was awful.

um...I ate most of my salad too...(yes that's a bug)

As someone who eats there, this bugs me

Um where was this so I can avoid ?

mmm protein

another reason not to get the salad

There was so much hair in my food last time I went lol

Villainous eats my friend

your comment makes me want to grab a fly swatter and hit you with it.

making friends i’m trying really hard to make friends and be more social this year (i’m a freshman), ive made a few friends on my classes facebook and instagram but they’re all making a lot of friends already, I feel like i’m falling behind and lacking socially, ive been going to the campus events but I feel so awkward and can never get past the “what’s ur major?” and “what dorm are you in?” stage. everyone tells me to atleast wait until classes start to get discouraged but i’m struggling with that already, any tips on making friends?

edit: thank you everyone for the encouraging words!!

You'll be fine, school hasn't really even started yet. Don't stress about it, just talk to people in classes and be casual, don't look at every conversation as "trying to make you my forever friend " and connections will happen naturally.

Just moved in and am in the same situation!

I completely agree with u/Drpantsgoblin and u/ShadowOps84. Keep attending events during [welcome week](https://www.odu.edu/set/the-monarch-experience#done1612907281342=&tab14014032160771077863696=10) and the student org fair and it will happen. Soon enough you'll look back and  say, what was I worried about?

Here's the link to the [Student Org Fair](https://odu.campusgroups.com/SET/rsvp_boot?id=1112481) event (previously called Student Involvement Fair).

Clubs and organizations are a great way to make friends. There are dozens of students orgs on campus. There are clubs for movies, photography, anime, robotics, drones, and tons of other stuff. There are fraternities/sororities, if that sort of thing appeals to you. I can guarantee that there's at least one professional organization for whatever your major is. I'm in a professional coed engineering fraternity, and I've made some great friends there. There are campus Democrat and Republican clubs, if you want to be politically active. 

This doesn't help you right now, but there should be an involvement fair in a couple of weeks. Walk around it and see if there's anything that catches your eye. I promise you'll find something you'll like, and common interests are a great way to make connections.

i’m willing to be ur friend!

student org fair moved to Sept 9th 11:30-1:30 on Kaufman Mall! (the grass in front of the Web)

i’m willing to be friends! i don’t go to odu but i do go to tcc so i’m in the area, message me!

Same for me too it’s my first year and I’m scared that I’m not going to make any friends!

i’m also willing to be your friend!

Is there a club fair by any chance?

ODu still has a drone club?

Thats sweet lol

The Student Org Fair will have all of the clubs and organizations on campus. It'll be on the lawn in front of Webb Center on Thursday, Sept 2.

Cool thank you. I’m a second year grad student so don’t really know anyone here due to last year being all online

VA online Voter Registration back up and EXTENDED thru 11:59 TONIGHT Hi guys, I'm truly sorry I meant to come back and post an update here earlier but the week really got away from me.  I'm sure *most* of you will have heard this on the news, but after this - https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/cut-cable-shuts-virginias-online-voter-registration-73588695  - situation happening Tuesday, **the deadline has been extended through midnight tonight.**  

&nbsp; 

If this reaches even ONE person who would not have registered in the next couple hours, then YAY.     **PLEASE GO HERE -  https://vote.elections.virginia.gov/Registration/  -  NOW and REGISTER before midnight!**  

&nbsp; 

Quoted from the registration website: 

&nbsp; 


What are the Requirements to Register Online?

&nbsp; 

    Have a valid Virginia DMV driver's license or state ID card.
    Be a citizen of the United States.
    Be a resident of Virginia.
    Be 18 years old on or before the next general election
    (if you are 17, you can still register and vote in elections if you will be 18 on or before the next general election).
    Not currently convicted of a felony or judged as mentally incapacitated and disqualified to vote.

&nbsp; 


if anyone out there reading this is **looking for ways to volunteer to get out the vote** (from home, if you like), and feels at a loss for how to find opportunities for this, **feel free to DM me** and I can tell you about some.

With less than a week left before classes start, do you think ODU will move to remote before we start? If I had to place my money on it, ODU will give a “good faith” effort and start in-person like other institutions have across the country that’ve transitioned to remote. I think the institution feels like it owes students, especially incoming students who enrolled with the hope there would be some version of a college experience. A hearty “Well, we tried” and a shrug. 

But I’m also torn by this paragraph in the Blueprint reopening plan (page 22). This feels like the situation will need to be more serious than the average student is comfortable with things getting. 


Criteria to be considered for decision-making include, but are not limited to, percentages of positive test results reaching certain levels, exhaustion of designated isolation/quarantine housing capacity, depletion of PPE necessary to keep campus health care and other critical staff safe, multiple outbreaks occurring in a residence hall(s), on- or off-campus virus spread that results in local hospital capacity becoming overwhelmed, multiple virus-related fatalities, and/or other unforeseen factors that create a situation beyond the university’s capacity to respond. Decisions regarding dismissals and shutdowns will be made in consultation with local and state public health officials as necessary.

Thoughts?

Before we start? No, I think we will start for sure, but whether or not we go full online by the first 2 weeks (like some have) is really up to us.  If everyone does their part, socially distances, wears masks, DOESNT GO TO PARTIES, we should be fine.  The precautions are being taken for this.  So long as we stick to them, there shouldn't be an issue

[removed]

[removed]

As someone who both works on campus and is a student, I would not be surprised if we switch to remote before we start if not shortly after

What's been in the news about other universities over the last 72 hours should be enough of an indication of how it's likely to go.

Yes, precautions are being taken. But considering students and some staff are already not wearing masks where it is mandated, it's not looking good. That's just my perspective as someone who works in one of the higher-traffic buildings on campus.

Labor Day*

Agreed, I also am working onsite on campus. Also, with staff getting sick and some leaving, not sure how easy it'll be to manage the chaos.

I said if we did follow those guidelines not when lmao

Is that true? Not a good start.  I
I'm not moving in until this coming Tuesday so I wouldn't know yet.  We will have to see..

I'm betting my money near labor day too. $0.69

Yeah, luckily there aren't too many people here at the moment, but it's really gonna get hard to enforce mask-wearing when there are more people. Also, probably going to be impossible to effectively enforce measures of social distancing. :/

Tuition rate spike Does anyone know what’s up with the price of tuition? It just changed since a few nights ago and tuition is now $630 per credit hour when it was $360

Edit: they fixed the issue

Ummmm..... I hope that’s a glitch? I’m not sure. I sure as hell don’t want to pay that

[deleted]

Since both use the same digits it's probably just a typo somewhere.

Likely a typo. Are you possibly out of state? Also it seems they are hitting us with more "general" fees so thats wonderful.

I saw that last night too.  Emailed finaid about it.  I'm instate.

I hope so too but seems like my friends all have the same increase

No I’m in state and it shows the increase in the tuition spot when you look at the summary by term. It’s like $7000 something for 12 credits

[deleted]

Thank you for that update. I damn near had a heart attack this morning when I saw that!

Same! I was freaking out for a minute.  I just got the email saying it was fixed and Leoonline confirms it.

Who is staying on campus this fall and do you really trust odu? Guys i’m nervous. I don’t know what i should do should i stay home? I am a freshman, but i was originally going to dorm, but it just seems so silly i don’t get how people are okay with dorming. How will covid be handled?!?! with all those people there’s no way!! What do you guys think? I need advice. I would be staying in england (personally i think it’s the best and i don’t want to give it up) or i could stay home but ugh that’s lame. What do you guys think i should do. Yes money is a issue, but in retrospect i’m willing to spend some to gain more. please help me

A few thoughts from an alum who lived on campus and is now the parent of a sophomore who's gearing up to go back and do the same:

 >  ... How will covid be handled?!?!

The university has a [50-page plan](https://www.odu.edu/content/dam/odu/admin/blueprint/final-fall-semester-2020-reopening-plan-signed-07062020.docx) that has to be approved by the state before it can re-open.  I've read it from cover to cover and think they're doing what they can, but all of this is uncharted water for everyone involved from the top down.  As Prussian field marshal Helmuth Karl Bernhard von Moltke said, no plan survives first contact with the enemy, which means not everything is going to go perfectly.

Next month they're going to bring a whole lot of people from a whole lot of places onto campus and try to start functioning like a university.  COVID-19 cases on campus is a matter of _when_, not _if_.  If there's a big enough outbreak or the state drops back to phase 2 or phase 1, there will be a repeat of March, when they told everyone living on campus to pack up and get out.

 > ...do you really trust odu?

Since you're an incoming freshman, let me say welcome to college and congratulations, you're an adult now.  College isn't high school, and while the university is going to do what it can to provide a safe environment, you're just as responsible for your own safety as they are.  You get to ask if you trust yourself to have the discipline to do everything you can to avoid infection while living in relatively tight quarters with a lot of other people who are young enough to still think they're invincible (been there, done that) and may not have asked themselves the same question.  The university can keep a decent amount of control over what happens on campus but has no control over whether on-campus students leave campus for less-controlled environments and bring something back with them or people from off campus bring it in.

(Putting on my parent hat...)

My daughter is taking exactly one class this semester that can be taught remotely; everything else has a significant, in-person component.  We live far enough away that she has to stay down there.  She's fortunate enough to have landed a slot at Powhatan, which I think has the best arrangements of all on-campus housing for minimizing exposure risk.  I can't watch my kid like a hawk as I did when she was five (nor should I have to at her age).  The potential that she could do everything right and end up debilitated or dead or bring the virus home and do one of us in is scary as hell to think about on a level you won't get until you've raised kids.  We're just as nervous as you are.

 > or i could stay home but ugh that’s lame.

(Putting on my old guy hat...)

I'm old enough to have had grandparents who were alive during the 1918 pandemic and old enough to remember its impacts.  My grandfather was sickened badly but survived.  They had to make sacrifices, but they got through it.  If this thing is to be contained, college is going to lack a lot of what makes it fun until we get a good handle on it.  Putting up with some [lameness](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LKsaWbr3B-0) is one of the sacrifices you'll have to make, and I'm sorry about that because you probably didn't do anything to deserve it.  I wouldn't be all that into it if I were in your shoes, either.  

Things are better on a whole lot of fronts now than they were a century ago.  You can get information and entertainment piped straight into your living room, order food to be delivered to your door and attend lectures or socialize with friends without having to be present.  When I graduated, people in my field were just starting to think about how to make those things happen and it really wouldn't be practical at scale for another 10-15 years.

HTH.  No need to get off my lawn if you don't wanna.

even if each dorm room only has one student, the dorms will become a cesspool.  kids are just going to hang out in each other's dorm rooms as social hour.

So something like this is really down to pros and cons by you since none of us have gone through this type of decision. There will still be some type of college experience you can gain from moving onto campus and from what i have read so far, they will do the most they can to prevent any type of spread. In my personal opinion, if you have the option to go, then go to get another look at life, but just take all the precautions ODU suggests plus extra.

I am moving back to campus because I will be RAing for my 3rd year and see no reason really why not to go. I know what i can do to prevent me from getting it and ima take all those precautions. Once you live “on your own” in college, going home kinda blows.

I can't remember if England is the one where everyone gets their own room. If it is, I'd make an agreement with your roommates to stay in your own rooms unless you are cooking or leaving for class, wear a mask when you leave, and disinfect the place regularly.

I don't doubt that odu's taking a lot of extra precautions with every single dorm because of this exact thing. I'm going to be living off campus but that is for an entirely unrelated reason, we were planning on doing this long before covid-19 happened. 

So long as everybody you are rooming with is in agreement to try to be as safe as possible things should go fine since the school's already doing what they can to stop the spread

in the end it comes down to you whether or not you think it's the best choice especially since you said money is an issue.  But I think as long as everybody is on the same page with this everyone will be able to get through relatively safely

Thank you for this post, i think you just convinced me to stay home!

England house has 2 people sharing a room with a private bathroom.

Hey, glad it was useful.  If you're local and can minimize your exposure, there's no reason not to.

Tidewater is rapidly becoming Virginia's big hot spot.  Northern Virginia, where I live, went through this earlier and didn't re-open with the rest of the state because of it.  Hampton and Norfolk just [received letters from the governor](https://www.13newsnow.com/article/news/local/mycity/hampton/hampton-norfolk-receive-letters-from-gov-northam-requesting-their-plan-to-lower-covid-19-infections/291-7caa0989-6197-4f73-904c-4cbf77c67dc1) asking how they intend to get their outbreaks under control.  Norfolk going back to phase 2 will scuttle ODU's re-opening plan, and I put the odds of that happening at better than 50-50.  If that is going to happen, I'm hoping it will be before the start of the semester.

On a positive note, your first semester on campus will then hopefully be when campus is fully opened, next year. Why not keep that experience for when you can actually enjoy it. You're not losing something, just delaying it. 

PS, I'm a senior at ODU, I can answer any questions other than dorm -related ones, as I've lived off-campus the whole time.

That doesn't sound to bad either so long as you are sure to wear masks outside and use hand sanitizer etc.

Also i know a lot of schools are requiring a covid test before coming, i'd suggest both roommates take one before coming to make sure

Yeah i believe ODU is doing the same aswell

That sounds like it depends on ur roommate

Wheres your source? I haven't been able to find any real info about fall 2020 movein

My source would be the new updated Housing and Dining agreement that was sent out 21 hours ago. If you choose to live on campus you are required to sign that, for anyone that actually read it like me, there is a section called COVID-19 Addendum, which states,

This guidance will evolve as the public health crisis evolves and may include, but is not limited to, social distancing, limitations on mass gatherings, wearing a face covering, **COVID-19 diagnostic and surveillance testing (including before or upon arrival to campus)**, contact tracing, disinfection protocols, limitations on guests into residence halls, and quarantine / isolation requirements (including before or upon arrival to campus).

I'm living off campus so I probably didn't end up getting that

Re: Looking for a D&D Group Howdy y'all, so I made a similar post a few months ago looking for a group of like-minded individuals who would be interested in starting a D&D group with me. When I made that post, however, I expressed that I had no experience in DMing/running the campaign and would be looking for a DM. I NOW HAVE EXPERIENCE! YAY!

That being said if anyone would be interested in starting a group with me, hit me up!

P.S. I'm an incoming transfer student, so I'll be a junior in the Fall 2019 semester and am also just looking for friends in general lol

I’m also an incoming transfer student who just started to get into DnD. I’d certainly be interested in joining a group.

A lot of groups and one shots go down in our Anime club during the regular year - unfortunately I'm already running 2 games and summer one shots outside of school, so can't DM others. Also try Atlantic Games (2 locations) and Tower of Games (bit of a drive but the best option) for other group locations.

I had to leave due to financial reasons but I still live in the area so I’d be down to play if I still live here in the fall!

I’d be interested too, my friend who I think commented on this as well is interested n we r transfer students

decide late plate pocket squeal kiss intelligent capable coherent cover

 *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev/home)*

Just a comment. In our Model United Nations Club there’s a sub club for D&D :-) it’s pretty active with an awesome DM

Late to the post, but I’m an incoming transfer student and I’d definitely be interested in joining a group. I’ve recently been getting into D&D and I’d love to try it out

I’m late but I’ve always wanted to get into D&D! If I’m able to, I’d love to spectate if possible so I can see how to do it and maybe play with your forming group. :D

Anyone ever play Talismam?

Late to the game but there is currently a table top club on campus that just started last year. Look up Odu tabletop guild on facebook

All are welcome! And congrats on the transfer :)

Speaking of, I mean I know I have the 3 important 5E dnd books I also have World of Darkness’ Vampire The Masquerade 5th edition as well

Thank you!! Good info :)

Oh HELL yeah brother

Excellent, I'll try to get everyone's discord or something so we can all chat about scheduling and the like before classes start!

I personally have not

Hello r/odu! I am running for Student Body VP! Background info in the comments. Want to get your comments, needs, and wants directly from the ODU Community. AMA!

What product do you use for your hair? Does it last thoroughout the day?

In the past 3 years, the school has had multiple regionally and nationally covered scandals regarding sexist/racist remarks made by students representing ODU, and one fraternity intentionally covered up repeated sexual harassment and assault by one of its members. What would you say is the best solution, if one is necessary, to stopping the problems plaguing Greek life at ODU?

I am a marine veteran that loves the ODU Community. After serving in the marines he went into law enforcement. After deciding to leave that to pursue an education in Nuclear Medicine, he found the ODU student community an amazing place to learn, create and achieve! I have seen the great building blocks here at ODU and want to evolve them to make ODU the best it can be. I want to know what you want, what you see, and what we need as a community. It would be an honor to serve as your VP and be the voice students really can trust. Together, we can build something better.  Thank you!

I've seen the work that Luke has done for the SVA. I have no doubt that he will bring that same level of commitment to the SGA, and will fight for the entire ODU community. Vote for Luke!

Vote for Luke, he's willing to listen to student concerns and he's got the experience and the voice to make good and smart changes!

It does last all day!! It’s called Suavecito Pomade. $13 on amazon.

What fraternity was that? Geez

ODU takes a hard stance on any form of sexual harassment and assault. As a former marine, we have classes, at minimum, quarterly to discuss sexual harassment and assault. I am not suggesting that, but many universities are turning to more required in depth education on these topics. The effectiveness is not yet know because these programs are in their early stages. I would like to work with the ODU Women’s Center, Intercultural Relation, ODU PD, and the administration to build a program that can actually help students understand these topics. It would include discussion on alcohol consumption, defining consent, and better process on the administrations behalf to endure those that commit these kind of abhorrent acts be punished. These processes need to move faster. They need unbiased and comprehensive review. Whether that is having outside investigators not affiliated with the university or working with the administration to better the investigation process, Campus safety is one of my top priorities. Tackling the always difficult topic of sexual assault can be trying for anyone, but that can only start with serious questions and dialog. I am committed to finding a way as a community to make it better.

Since you are studying for nuclear medicine will you be able to balance the time between studying, home life, and the position of SVA vice president?

How would you help/resource a way to for fellow SVA or even veterans not part of the SVA when they are having troubles in school, home life, finances, or any other problem that comes to terms to hit a lot of veterans?

 Why do you feel that you deserve this position? 

Also what do you feel you can do better than the other canidiates who are running for this position?

Thank you for these kind words! Be sure to engage your community when you can!

An account less than a day old, with no other activity, commenting on this specific school's specific subreddit, on this specific post?

Cool. Seems genuine to me.

I like this answer, and I'll be looking forward to seeing it followed through.

That is a great question. I get involved in things I am passionate about. I am passionate about my education. It comes easy to me because I love it so much. It can be a heavy workload sometimes, but I pride myself on time management and priorities. I currently do not have children or am married, so much of my home life is spent here at the ODU campus working on projects to better the community. Most students would agree that Classes come first. I agree with that, but I can take the extra downtime I have and apply it to this great university and it's people. I challenge every student to take just a little downtime and use it to better this community. ODU could only become a more enriched community of amazing cultures, diverse students, and highly respected educators and administrators.

This is a great set of questions. Troubles in school are not restricted to only veterans. ODU has thousands of students that are not your traditional college age. Currently, ODU has a couple programs that can help students in need and mediate between the student and educators. These programs are great, but there needs to be more. We have the resources to build an emergency fund at ODU that is more comprehensive and complete for the student that needs it. ODU provides financial counseling, mental health providers, and much more. The key is getting help before it is too late. I believe in educating the student. Helping them understand where "too late" begins is the most important and could solve many problems before they start. 
Additionally, everyone is different. Every situation is different. Foreign students, Single parents, Veterans, they all have different challenges. By coming together to understand those challenges we as a community can then begin identifying issues and confronting them yourself or in the case of asking someone if they need help. in turn that will eliminate the stigma of "it's none of my business" because although they may not want to talk about it, your offer of help may be what inspires that person to seek it. 

Next, I don;t feel like i deserve anything. I would be honored to have this position because I believe I can do a lot of good for the students and greater ODU community. Ultimately, I will continue to work toward my goals regardless if that is as the VP, senator, or any other student. I believe in ODU and their belief in me would be the greatest gift I could receive. 

Lastly, I am not running a campaign built on what deficiencies the other candidates have or don't have. I know all the candidates want the same thing, to make ODU the best it can be. I am not traditional college age, so the only thing I believe I bring to the table is my life experiences that I can use to achieve that goal. All candidates have experiences they can bring as well, so to answer your question, I don't know. I don't know because, like me, they are not serving the position yet and assessing what someone will be able to do before given the chance is unfair. We are all different, but we are all ODU. That is the important part, win or loss, happy or sad, and in successes and failures. Thank you for the comment and questions, be sure to check out the debate on March 21st to hear more.

edit: typo error

Yes. We did share this post across a few platforms. Many people will probably have to sign up to comment. We are hoping it brings more people to the ODU sub and let’s them ask their questions too! I completely understand you skepticism and would probably think the exact same thing if I was in your shoes. Hopefully more people subscribe and are engaged! Thank you for pointing his out!

Please let us know if you have any ideas or comments on how you would like to see the process changed. The smallest or largest, craziest or tamest, it doesn’t matter. I want to be for the students of ODU. I can only do that if I can hear you. Share this to people you know, the more feedback I get the more proof I will have to show when I sit down with all the various people involved.

Yes, sorry that I'm new to Reddit, but I also think I have the right to voice my backing for Luke.  Thanks for your comment though!

49% off entire menu (no alcohol) at Handsome Biscuit's Monarch Way location with current ODU student ID through Friday 9/28.

crawl vegetable history pet wide aback employ sparkle possessive rob

 *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev/home)*

You're missing out. Their sandwiches are amazing.

This is one of the few places on my buddy and I's "MUST GO" list when we're in town for gameday. These biscuits are amazing.

Its also expensive for what pretty much amounts to half of a sandwhich

Police are asking for help in the search for a missing Old Dominion University student, Matthew S. Choy

He's been found

Admission is Free for VA Zoo for ODU Students

Admission is free for all 757 college students, including TCC, NSU, etc. :)

But especially ODU

Warning for ODU art students! Rate my professor has taken down every single one of the newer negative reviews that my classmates and I have posted, so hopefully some people will get help out of this instead. Do not take color theory with Elizabeth Leeor! She marks students absent if they can't mirror every single thing she does on projects correctly, the supplies were over 300 dollars, about the same as a textbook, but she will use your supplies for students who havent brought theirs, even if you've gotten marked absent for not having yours. You also won't know your grade until the day after you final. For the entire semester.she once spent an entire 2 hours of class dancing with her fvoritenstudent. Pass this on to your art friends so they don't have to suffer like so many of us this semester had to.

[deleted]

Nice try *Professor Maxasaurus* but you won't fool me this time

Different throwaway account, but I did, and i know a classmate of mine has talked to the higher ups in the art department about this teacher.

ODU ROTC students recount the moments when they sprang into action, put themselves in the line of fire, to help their instructor take down the shooter in their classroom Read for free how several students sprang into action, putting themselves into the line of fire as they helped their instructor take down the shooter before he injured more people.

In light of recent events, what’s the best police scanner app?

CrimeRadar App

unfortunately most police departments in the US now use encrypted radios and scanners are incomprehensible for police bands.

Most EMS services are still unencrypted though, you might be able to find something for that

Animal in thw Webb Center Ceiling? Can anyone else in the Webb Center hear this? I'm currently at the Mace & Crown office and I think I can hear some kind of animal scurrying around above the ceiling

Thats just larry

Are you sure it’s not just Larry?

you mean larry?

Sounds like you met Larry.

My company was a part of the renovations to the Webb Center back in 2019. I have been all over that building and behind every door. What you don't see is under the building. Small crawl space tunnels for piping, drains, electrical etc. It is entirely plausible for an animal to get in from below or from the roof. With a cold as it has been, animals get in however they can to keep warm.

As an aside, I was heading into Kaufman late one night to work in the lab and saw a giant rat ambling down the vertical wall next to me. It looked like a smaller cat at first. It is Norfolk after all.

Rats, squirrels and cats live in the ceilings. I hear them all the time

As someone whose also worked in that office, been that way for years

That's exactly what my son said 🤣🤣🤣

I was also there for the 2019 renovations and there were foxes and raccoons on the basement. Had to get some one to come out and get relocate them for us to finish the work

Hopefully yall boycott today so there’s more spaces in the garage!

Jokes on you I dont have classes on Friday anyway

Garages do seem to have a little more room. 
Stadium and 45th street garage are seemingly pretty good right now.

It definitely is a few today, I’m boycotting today by not buying anything but don’t really see the point of not going to college

What boycott?

I work 🥲

Edit: who’s butthurt I have a job and yall don’t 🤣

Real question here not being a dick. 

What will this accomplish? 

The president of ODU is already disliked for his little care of students, especially veterans. What makes anyone think at this school he’ll even notice nor care? You already paid tuition, the teachers are getting paid regardless by the state and feds. Nothing real changes

Something about ice I don’t know. I’m too busy with schoolwork and work.

People are protesting the ice on the roads. I think they shake their fist in the air looking up and yelling at the sky. I dunno, to each their own

Atelast your getting money im severly unemployed

I have no idea about the no school part that’s why I went to class 😭 but I mean lowering you spending definitely a good way economically to show that you’re upset with what’s going on

Same too busy doing research lol. Boycotts won’t make a difference in their funding or how they operate

Edit: don’t know why it’s being downvoted but if you want to TRULY make a difference protest, vote for LOCAL leaders who will make your change you want not just worry about who’s president or not.

There’s several jobs right now on Handshake and if you’re a vet I know a couple resources you can use.

If not no worries create a good LinkedIn profile (yes that godforsaken website) and start applying. I’ve gotten 10 interviews from there. None picked me but hey you could be lucky

I get that. Hell I’m upset too but have you ever got to see how much ODU rakes in from things that don’t pertain to just student spending? I have and it’s a shit ton. 

Veterans alone bring in 20-40mil a year with our GI bills and other fed funding. He won’t care about you guys not buying anything for a day

What are you upset about?

I do have a LinkedIn just need to actually use it. But currently rn can only look for part time jobs because you know full time student. But also with these many big art projects I have to work on this semester will be hard to find a job that actually will work with my time. But I'm just gonna do some odd jobs when I got the time to make some money.

What are you upset about?

Oof art is a tough field. Same with CS now. Hopefully you get lucky I believe in you! Just network network network. I swear it’s really who you know. Don’t give up and make connections even if you hate it like I do. I got my job here at ODU and promised a full time position when I graduate just from connections

Thank you it really get that cause this year im really trying to focus on strengthening my art and building up my portfolio and some. Cause my goal is to not be a broke artist and have some full time job that pays well that's related to art like glass, jewelry, pottery. I am trying to save my summer for as much internships as possible so hopefully yall will see my name somewhere in the world of art.

I wish the best for you. I hear people get famous off TikTok, insta reels, and stuff like that. Probably will get weird requests lmao but I’ve talked to people who make insane money off requests

Thanks, and yeah im already mentally prepared for weird request i just got to mentally prepare for the bad customers really. But till then got to expand my possibilities.

Yall we up!!! Check your emails!!

same time next semester 🫡😂

I didn’t get anything 💔

I’ll love it when it’s zeros out and we get that email that means the money will be in my account tomorrow.

I’m 0 yall

zeroed out!

Just got an email saying my refund has been processed!!!

Just got my money

Question, I still show a balance. Odu shows that my Pell grant is paid out just no loans yet….is this normal?

Literally just got it lol 😂

Just got my moneys yall

You know it!! 😂

yep! i'll beat ya there

lol 🤣🤣

Did you check your account activity? I didn’t get anything either but I saw mines there

Bruh 38 bucks

Who do you bank with that is so fast!

We made it!!!

Yeah I’m negative still

i bank with usaa! credit unions always come damn near as soon as your ban gets it

USAA

cults and conspiracies course Is anyone enrolled in this course and don’t know what to do in regards to the work ??? so basically our professor has been having IT issues , we have not been assigned ANY WORK and have not been able to do any readings or lectures . So basically my fafsa paid this money for the course that i’m not even taking essentially….does odu compensate for this ??? will we still receive credit or what

I have this class, there are no lectures that I know of at least, just 4 papers that should be assigned on canvas

I took this course last fall and had the same idea. Depending on the instructor I only had 3 assignments, 2 writing, 1 exam and some library research courses (took abt an hour to do)

if this is the same professor i took it with in spring 2023 he has always had IT issues. like just doesn't know how to work canvas and then blamed it on canvas 😭😭

im taking this as a nice break from assignments so im not complaining about it too much but i feel like after week 4 he should have it figured out 😭 im hoping that the class doesnt just get dropped and we dont get the credit but yolo

I’m so annoyed Prepare this is a rant post:

I’m not gonna lie guys I’m getting so annoyed and impatient with this refund crap. 

I spent all of my undergrad with very limited issues with refunds/ Finaid. I wasn’t completely scot-free but definitely nothing like this. 

They barely respond to my emails forward me to other offices and then the people that forward me forward me back to the other people. They act confused when I explain a situation stating, “they already know” but then ask me questions that I JUST EXPLAINED worse part is, there is nothing I can do because it is actually a them issue, it’s been a them issue since 3/27.

I get it the people that work in the Finaid office are just doing their best, but sometimes I believe their best is the definition of not enough at all. 

I just paid rent yesterday and I’m beyond poor. Well until I get paid the 16th, which means I don’t have money for my books at all. I don’t know what to do, I told my professors and they said it’s okay I just have to get the chapters from a classmate, which I will but I literally need the books to highlight and take notes. So frustrating. I’ve never seen such crapfest of an office like ODU’s Finaid office.

Love the school, but the administrative offices are the most bureaucratic and student-hostile I have ever seen.  Bad process, outdated tech and unfriendly people (generally speaking).

im sorry you’re dealing with this. have you gone in person to the office? granted, its been awhile but when i went in person i got the help i needed.

Yeah, it's been terrible 

I've never seen anything like it

Last week, I submitted this mess into a local news station, but not sure whether the news got picked up

I got my refund email, sending good vibes and hoping y'all get the same! ❤️

What books do you need? I can see if I can get a pdf for you.

Yes!! Why is everyone so rude when I call? Parking, tuition, financial aid, transit service, even the medical services/counseling. And the BUS DRIVERS. There's a couple really sweet women, but most of the bus drivers I've encountered are outright rude

I wish I could but my job and classes are always during their hours, I don’t even have time to call but I did it while in the office anyways.

Any lesbians or just gay people in general wanting to make friends!? I just came out as a lesbian last year and struggle to make lgbtq+ friends. Idk if it’s because I look straight (I dress pretty fem and basic so…) but any friends I make are straight. Which you know no problem but I’m honestly getting tired on not relating to their relationship experiences. It just makes me feel so behind and all of that. Anyways I’m hoping to make some queer friends. I’ll be throwing myself out there on queer events the school holds.

Look into joining Saga! Their office is in Webb next to all the computers

I would love to be friends! DM me and I’ll send you my insta! ❤️

Let’s go lesbians!!! I’m a new transfer student here and I’ve been struggling really meeting anyone in the queer community (I live off campus). Feel free to DM me and I’ll share my insta!

I'm a bisexual freshman!! I'd love to meet all of you guys :)

[removed]

Im a transfer student at ODU and I’m queer ! You could personally message me :)

Hi! Bi masters student on the search for friends, I live in the Nusbaum apartments, feel free to message me!! 😊

Wanna lick my butt

Not gay and I feel like there are gay ppl everywhere nowadays, Especially on a college campus. There’s a handful or two of girls that will be gay for a night too. There’s no shortage of it for the ladies.

Yeah I was looking into that last year but eventually never went to any of their events. I attended this one event by the that was hosted by the women equality group and I think saga. It was pretty fun

Aaaa ok!!!

33 here lol

Wanna fill out a job application?

On this campus they are really rare

WAITTTT

Me too! It’s funny though because on MyODU front page still says I have a negative number. But everything else is balanced at zero and I got my email so yay I get my money tomorrow.

Still waiting on my refund email.

I GOT ITTTTTTT

Yay!! Received mine too!

Just got it!!!!

Did yours say RALL or EALL? At this point I’m stressing because I signed up for erefund like 3 weeks ago. Then I saw someone say something about RALL means paper check

Just got my email too!!!!

yes they issue refunds today.. depends yalls bank, we’ll
have it over the weekend

Just got it too! Been super worried about it!

Did you have the medical group thing too?

Yep, just got the email as well

I’m still waiting for an answer email but fingers crossed.

YAYYY

How do yall get your ODU refunds?

Mine switched to Refund -ACH and EALL after I got the email.

Yeah it said fall but then I just got this email with it saying it’s being deposited into my checking account

Mine says RALL, but it’s being deposited into my checking.

Someone already touched on this in another thread. ODU merged with another school. In order to keep everything together they changed their coding. As long as you signed up for direct deposit you’ll get direct deposit. It no longer will say EALL.

Mine usually hits same night after 12

Never mind my email just came too

Me too

Im wondering the same thing. I dont even know what that means 😭

Mine did change to EALL and it's being deposited to my checking. So if it stays RALL it may be a paper check.

I got usaa anybody have that? I want to know if I could potentially get it at midnight

What time did you get yours?

I know it’s when the school gives too much aid out, but I never got a refund 🥹 like what am I doing wrong

Mine originally said RALL and then switched to EALL after I received the email confirming my refund was processed.

It would be tomorrow morning.

Yes, I have USAA and it’s usually in your account by like 6am tomorrow morning.

No

I have capital one does anyone have that when do you think i’ll have mine? the email said up to five business days hoping i’ll get in the am

5:32

No shit! Like, please let's know the move

Oh good! Thank you sooo much :)

i have capital one too.. it posted yesterday morning

Gresham Hall All the posts about gresham hall on here are pretty outdated! so i wanted new fresh opinions and experiences from people who have lived there recently! please tell me everything i need to know

pros-

your right by monarch way so its a 5 min walk to any restaurants

if you have any classes by or in the theatre its a 2 minute walk

if your really hungry and only have dining dollars/ meal swipes you can go to rogers dining hall 

cons

if you have a car parking is HELL there is almost no parking space bc a lot of people bring cars and because theres only two sides to choose from. if you cant find parking you may have park in the parking garage by bookstore or in the rogers parking lot if there is any spots left.

The rooms are very narrow so if you have any thing that is big and bulky i wouldn’t recommend bringing it unless it can fit on top of the shelves thats above your closet.
 
the bathroom are shared with your suitmate so depending on your suitmate you may want to enforce bathroom cleaning schedules because its a shared space and TRUST me they may push boundaries so stand firm in whatever boundaries you put in the beginning of the year.

the walk is BRUTAL especially in the beginning of the year because of the heat and the rain is no better. the drainage system is so baddd in norfolk especially when you have to walk a long distance its definitely not fun so be prepared and always have an umbrella and bags to put over your shoes to protect them because they will be ruined.

other than that i have no complaints i lived here my freshman year and it wasnt too bad i got along really well with my roomate and my suitmates were nice and clean so it all depends on what your circumstances are but ovrr i would rate gresham 6/10 hope this helps!!

I know nothing as a home owner graduate student but in responding so more people see your question.

Definitely not the best dorm but arguably one of the most fun

Erm it’s not the nicest hall I lived in Owen’s but when I went to Gresham the rooms were ok sized ig but the main thing is it’s like a 5-10 min walk from the main campus

Just here to say I lived there in 1980. My roommate would come in through the window in the stairwell. They've probably fixed that by now.

Lived there my final semester ( ODU did my dirty) and it was ight. Monarch way is right there and Roger’s has a dining hall but be prepared for sharing a small ass bathroom and walking a ton

I have a single here, does anyone know anything about a single ?

Thank you so much!!

As a homeless graduate student I’m also responding so more people see your wuestion

Thank you!!

We need more tribal knowledge like this passed down.  Thank you.

Any ODU students who work out? Hello! I recently launched my workout app—Fortis: Workout Log & Tracker (on [iOS](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/fortis-workout-log-tracker/id6741470968) and [Android](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.fortisworkout.app)). It's a completely free app for logging workouts, tracking progress, and sharing with your friends. Think Strava, but for the gym.

I've been solo-developing this and it's still in very early stages, but I figured I'd try to see if college students like yourselves would be willing to give it a try!

If you workout or are into fitness, give it a try and let me know what you think! All feedback is welcome 😁

Just downloaded this today, and already loving it! This’ll help me keep track of my progress workouts amazingly, thank you! 

I will say though, Bent Over Rows aren’t an exercise I can find in the directory, if that can be added in the future, that’d be amazing. All in all though, can’t wait to keep using this app!

React Native? Have you considered open-sourcing?

I’ll let you know what I think!

I’m so glad to hear that! Thanks so much for trying to out!

Just added Bent-over Rows! Ability to add custom exercises is planned for the next update in a few weeks but do lmk if there’s others you need

Textbook Life Hack So, we all know that many books are "easily accessible" online nowadays. However, they're still some classes that have textbooks that are hard to find (for free).

If you're looking to save yourself time & money, try borrowing the book from the school library. Even if they don't have the book, they could borrow it from another school. I did this method last semester and it saved me a good amount of money 🤑 

Hope this helps someone out there!

so buying books isn’t required?

ODU forces us to get the textbook, this doesn’t help us.

You would have to ask yourself "Is anyone forcing me to buy the books"? I've never been forced to. When there's a will, there's a way.

ODU buys them for you, you don’t have the option to not buy them. It’s included in your tuition. Don’t listen to this idiot.

Got my book from the library last semester and they had it sent in from a different school. Do your research, respectfully.

Maybe some of the gen eds or math force you, but I used the signals and systems textbook from the library last semester, and any book you might need you may as well check for before buying it!

😂😂

We’re doing this again? Two shots fired heard near my street. Please stay safe y’all

What street?

Is this normal for Norfolk? I’ve lived here 2 months lol

[deleted]

38th

*This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev/home)*

flag racial slap profit fear towering like steep rustic yam

Very normal… it’s been a quiet year for the most part. When I was on campus a few years ago, I would hear gunshots at least every two weeks

The idea of scared people holding guns are why this is an issue in the first place lol

*This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev/home)*

license treatment soft telephone dolls sleep cow aspiring arrest long

Uh no it’s not… this is a result of ODU literally being in the hood.

The untrained idiots buying guns illegally is the issue. Getting a gun for self defense and proper training is the best thing you can do in Hoodfolk.

If self defense and proper training was enough then cops wouldn't shoot so many people. Just saying.

Why??

Back when I was at ODU my biggest pet peeve was everyone FaceTiming out loud no headphones in line for stuff or out and about

Morons see this behavior on TV and assume it’s “normal” and not rude. Producers/directors make these dumb decisions.

MTG Club? Hey I was wondering if yall know anyone that would like to start a Magic: The Gathering club with me? I'm a new transfer student and noticed yall don't have a club for it so I'm looking into starting one. If you or someone you know is into Magic, please contact me! No leadership roles required, just need more people to start it. Also looking for a sponsor.

Grad programs, online courses and childcare: How some Hampton Roads colleges and universities are bracing for the “enrollment cliff”

Which one are you?

both. unfortunately.

Unfortunately I’m the one kid who does not fear public speaking so I’m always put as the leader😔

Somehow I was blessed with the public speaking gene when NO ONE in my family has it😭 . Every time there’s a presentation wether it was in college or high-school my professors expect a lot and Inside I just want to chill. 😐 (I do rehearse a lot of course and practice so I understand why i communicate well but still it’s a lot sometimes)

I’m the kid who took public speaking online lmao

It works when you're the introvert that can actually publicly speak.

How does that even work?

Deeply thankful for your service🫡. Sincerely, an introvert.

Ever encountered someone like yourself or are you always the one?

I can. took me a while to learn but the nerves still get to me before each presentation.

i always get groupmates who do the bare minimum.

Laughs in Engineering

You might get by for an exam, but cramming doesn't commit material to long term memory. Engineering classes build on each other. Anything you forget from an earlier class will make the upper-level class much harder.

This is the way.

Deans List? Hello! Does anyone know when they'll release Deans list information? I flunked out last time I was at ODU, and now I'm on the Dean's list so I'm pressed to see it LOL.

Unsure, but I can only assume pretty soon.
Good shit though, you made major improvements and that’s remarkable. Keep up the good work 🫡

Congratulations on turning it around! Must have been hard work. Great job!

I'm sad bc you have to have 60 credits /taken/ at ODU to be put on deans list. In a transfer and currently have 88 credits, but most done elsewhere.

Pretty sure you could just Google it and since final grades came out yesterday it should be soon

Congrats

same!!! waiting on it to come like hurry on😭😂

Thank you so much :,)

Thank you so much!!! :)

To stay relaxed and focused while studying  Here's "Mental food", a carefully curated playlist regularly updated with soothing gems of downtempo, chill electronica, deep, hypnotic and ambient electronic music. The ideal backdrop for concentration and relaxation. Perfect for my study sessions. Hope this can help you too! 

[https://open.spotify.com/playlist/52bUff1hDnsN5UJpXyGLSC?si=VQ5PuVeeRre8OeoCYERI2Q](https://open.spotify.com/playlist/52bUff1hDnsN5UJpXyGLSC?si=VQ5PuVeeRre8OeoCYERI2Q) 

H-Music

Raise your hand if you’ve been personally victimized by MonarchODU I got back from break and it’s like a deadzone in my room now. Anyone else having problems? ITS is kinda not being very helpful.

it was fine for me until this morning. now it says I'm connected without internet

Haha yes wifi is shit lately. Even deviceODU isn't doing to well. I had some lag issues playing Fortnite last night. 

I'm currently using my data instead of wifi for my phone.

Service was disrupted today. 

I don't care for the OP's vocabulary around this however. A service outage doesn't mean anyone was personally victimized. There was no targeting or malice. Semantic drift over time is a real thing and the meaning of words will change, but this is simply inappropriate word usage.

Yup, I can’t do my calc homework rn cuz the Wi-Fi’s down

🙋‍♀️

I just got an update from ITS that they’re experiencing an issue with the wireless network and they have no eta for when it will be fixed.

Okay so it's not just me ;;

It’s not semantic shift, it’s a reference to a movie lmfao. Who pissed in your cheerios this morning?

figures.

Interested in learning Brazillian Jiu Jitsu in campus? Join ODU BJJ, link in comments

https://odu.campusgroups.com/feeds?type=club&type_id=67423&tab=home

ODU's marketplace/housing/ride-sharing/tutoring app 💙 Hi everyone,

I have been working on this app for a while now and I am really excited to share it with you. It's a college marketplace restricted to students. You can buy, or sell anything you want to other students, ranging from dorm supplies, textbooks, apparel, services (like tutoring), ride-sharing, to subleasing or finding off-campus housing for next year ...

The app is free, a lot of hard work went into it so make sure you check it out if you need anything for the upcoming semesters! Each university got its own marketplace, You can only log in using your name@odu.edu school email!

iOS: [https://apps.apple.com/us/app/college-souk/id1560441766](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/college-souk/id1560441766)

android: [https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.collegesouk.souk&hl=en\_US&gl=US](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.collegesouk.souk&hl=en_US&gl=US) and tell your friends!

also, follow on ig for support [https://www.instagram.com/collegesouk/](https://www.instagram.com/collegesouk/) 😊

Lastly, please go ahead and post something people are already using it :) 💙 hope it helps (upvote for visibility)! 

\- might be a little glitchy on galaxy hoping to fix that soon

Bubble Tea coming to ODU? Sat in on a board meeting for fun and they said that they were thinking of adding a bubble tea or wings place to the village? What do you guys think lmao. I'm personally all for bubble tea

Bubble Tea and Chicken Wings? Hell yeah I'm all for that.

They had one back in 2013 that closed down, maybe a new one will last

Here's a link to vote on what you want to see! Think you can win airpods if you do it: https://odu.co1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_eg6fCa6O4pSX7DM

Bubble tea is really gross🤮

Adiós!

Today is election day! Go vote. [Find your polling place](https://www.elections.virginia.gov/casting-a-ballot/polling-place-lookup/)

Didn't someone post about this 4 days ago? ODU is so far behind

Also, WHY does ODU have bike racks AWAY from cameras? I don't even know where cameras are at powathan.

I discovered the 2 cut bike locks on...Saturday??? idk. I was going to go to the security office but it was closed so I never actually reported it. I had no idea bikes were getting stolen all over campus.

ODU won't do or say anything until its either a big enough problem or someone literally had their life put in danger.

My bet is that none of the cameras even work 🤨🤨😐

Ye if you got that email go ahead and tell them what you know? Maybe that will help pinpoint a time and place

hold on t wast eleven!!!! i only did see 2 bike locks cutteth!

***



^(I am a bot and I swapp'd some of thy words with Shakespeare words.)

Commands: `!ShakespeareInsult`, `!fordo`, `!optout`

for anyone confused: I edited my comment from what Shakespeare did to what it is now right after I posted

Unresponsive Advisors, help! Hello everybody,

I'm  new to ODU this semester, I'm entering as a 2 year transfer, online only. There was a mix-up in advisors when I first applied and I ended up dealing with the head of the advising department for my degree of study. We had a zoom meeting and sent a few emails back and forth, and I've been waiting to schedule another meeting to complete my registration. The last response I got from him was 18 days ago, and I have sent two or three emails since and called to no avail. 

When I went on Degreeworks I found that I've been assigned a different advisor, who I have emailed twice with no response. 

What do I do at this point? I am at a complete loss. I have no idea how to register for classes and there were things he said he was going to fix that got entered wrong from my transfer and I'm feeling extremely frustrated, and quite frankly, upset that I'm coming down to the deadline of fall registration. 

Any ideas?

Call the registrar to get DegreeWorks transfer issues corrected. 

Call / email around to anyone in the department and see who responds first, is what I'd say. Make sure to include your full name, UIN, and make it look professional (nothing crazy, just greeting, full sentences, etc.). 

Which department / Major?

The registrars office does not update transfer degree works, it is best to contact admissions for an update to the degree works.

Do you already know what classes you will register for? You can use these [instructions](https://www.odu.edu/academics/courses-registration/registration/register) if so. [Course offerings](http://courses.odu.edu/) this semester would be helpful to have open as well.

Most students are assigned an advisor from the department of your major and you will go to that person when it is time to register for classes for spring/fall. However if you need immediate help, send an email to the department head and they can get you in touch with someone who will. If that doesn't work, contact admissions and they will help.

I don't know if this is too late of reply but sometimes they don't respond if you don't include your UIN in the emails. I usually include it in the subject box when emailing anyone.

The registrar told me this too and just sent me the email for admissions. I've been emailing admissions for awhile and have yet to get a response. They have 36 of my 64 credits on Degreeworks :/

I wish I knew, it's been incredibly confusing to me. At my community college they were always super helpful and walked me through everything; I realize this is a much bigger campus, but I wasn't expecting close to a month of no return communication to any of my emails. :(

This was my problem too!!!! And it still hasn't been fixed and it's been at least two months at this point.

If you don't mind sharing your major maybe someone here can help. 

Otherwise, your department might have an example plan of study on their website. I would reference that and/or your DegreeWorks to find the first classes you could register for and mock up a schedule using the [courses website](http://courses.odu.edu/).

Natalie Diaz just became the first Latina to win the Pulitzer Prize (Poetry) but she also played basketball for Old Dominion University where she helped lead the team to the Final Four her freshman year and then to the Sweet Sixteen the next three years.

Hey ODU! There has been a big increase in overdoses lately! A LOCAL nonprofit wants to make sure you're safe. If you live in Virginia and are struggling with substance use or if you know someone that is, we will send you a FREE opioid overdose reversal kit. BE PREPARED. YOU COULD SAVE A LIFE! # Overdose is now the number one cause of death in Americans under 50.

In 2018, there were 1,193 opioid-related overdose deaths­­ in Virginia, but in 2020 there will be even more. The pandemic and other factors are leading to a significant rise in the number of overdoses... Together we can change this!

We offer FREE OPIOID overdose reversal medication, supplies, and training. There is no stigma. It will be mailed to you for FREE. We are willing to ship the supplies to anywhere in VIRGINIA. Please, pass this message or the link along to anyone you know that may be struggling or anyone that knows someone that may be struggling with opioid addiction. Anyone who may encounter someone that uses opioids should order one, as well. BE PREPARED. You could save a life! <3

Our organization has over 500 reported reversals so far with the Narcan/naloxone that we have supplied. That is almost 500 lives saved and we know that the number is likely much higher as many reversals go unreported...

Just take a short training and answer a few confidential questions at the link below:

[https://www.naloxoneforall.org/caf](https://www.naloxoneforall.org/caf)

We have been verified as legitimate by a trusted news organization (wusa9):

[https://www.wusa9.com/article/news/verify/verify-free-narcan-opioid-overdose-reversal-kit/65-f40ffb3d-77c2-498a-8cea-1e1daadadaaf](https://www.wusa9.com/article/news/verify/verify-free-narcan-opioid-overdose-reversal-kit/65-f40ffb3d-77c2-498a-8cea-1e1daadadaaf)

Please feel free to share! thanks!!! Stay safe everyone! We appreciate you!

[deleted]

I also received a kit from these folks.

It's an injection? For some reason, I thought it was a nasal inhaler

[deleted]

Thanks! I thought I had been brainwashed by tv

Did you get a Reign the Mermaid shirt and mask? Willing to take it off your hands/buy it. Looking for an XL

[deleted]

They were free right? How about $10?

Did you have a number in mind?

I feel like this page needs to be shared. Stay aware.

This is a dangerous game, cause I can think of a bunch of girls who would do false claims but it’s also good cause we can finally Shame these fuckers

😨 I know one of those guys

I am aware of this post and am currently choosing to leave it. I understand the danger of this kind of page and warn any readers to take this accounts validity with a grain of salt.

Despite being a terrible idea, this is inappropriate for this sub.

Anything similar at other schools? Want to know if odu started something like this. I feel like there would be maybe an Instagram page or something

I was thinking the same thing, these accusations can really fuck somebody for life and ruin the whole point of getting a college education, i hope they're checking the credability of these claims

Additionally if they end up reporting false claims on that account and it gets proven then it calls into question other claims that could he true

Very dangerous indeed. Read through a couple of these out of curiosity. One of them is from a girl who filed a complaint because of a lack of condom on the second sex session between her and some guy in the same evening. She ended with something about how "he preys on women".

I don't think I agree that she was "preyed upon" in that scenario.

We’re all adults here this is fine for the sub since it’s literally related to ODU

False claims are usually few and far between. But I understand what you’re saying it only takes one to ruin it for everyone seeking justice.

This is likely an unpopular opinion since everyone enjoys seeing justice served, myself included, but I don't think this is 'adult' behavior and I think it's a bad look for my Alma mater.

These are worse than awful situations for these individuals to find themselves in and I hope they are taking this information to the police and getting help through the different outreaches the school has available for victims of assault. However, it's also irresponsible to promote a forum like this that consists solely of unverified and unsubstantiated claims that are tied directly into doxxing of an individual. This is never a good idea.

Is ODU a good school to make friends at? ODU is one of the schools I've been accepted to, along with George Mason and Christopher Newport. I currently have the impression that ODU is more of a "fun" school than the others I've been accepted too, with a lot of parties and events like that, so I'm imagining that there's a lot of opportunities to be social there. In your experience, how hard or easy has it been to make friends at ODU?

ODU is a good school to make friends at, yeah.

Part of the beauty of ODU is the campus. There's pretty much always something being renovated/upgraded, and overall, it's just a really nice, well-kept campus with plenty of stuff to do in the area. 

As a result, there's always something going on for everyone. A club, people hanging out in common areas to play games, people just hanging out by Whitehurst beach, all kinds of stuff. 

There are also a lot of good, specialized classes where you'll find people with similar interests to you. Video editing, film, game rhetoric, music in media, pretty much everyone can find a class that fits their interests outside of normal academia. As well as all your normal gen eds that you'll have group projects in, where you'll just passively meet new people anyway. 

All that, and this subreddit is probably going to continue being more active, and hopefully can be used as a starting point to gather for events and whatnot once everything opens back up, so all things considered, ODU is a good choice if you're looking to make more friends.

I made a ton of friends at ODU through classes and library study groups, as well as parties and other events. ODU has a very diverse group of students and that has made it very easy to meet people from different walks of life there. 

ODU is perceived as a “fun” school, but that doesn’t mean you can’t make friends as easily at other schools. But I would very much recommend ODU because the varied demographic and hodgepodge of cultures here can lead to some great friendships.

Yea , especially if you are in a living /learning community.

Go Greek the whole Greek life community is a family

I wouldn't call it a "fun" school ever since the aftermath of a certain football game. Things are cracked down on alot more now, but I agree w everything else

Greek life is the best way to make friends that will last for the rest of your life

That was my last semester there and that night was chaos. And yeah I’d seen the trend of odupd cracking down on parties over the years which really sucks

Well to be fair, there was a string of parties off campus that had people getting shot at.

Yeah I remember there was a period in like late 2015 where it felt like there was an email about a shooting or robbery nearly every week

ODU is now a fun school?  


ODU, when I attended, was not a party school per-say. There were parties, but never to the levels of let say JMU. ODU at my time was more of a commuter school and even though I lived near campus and we had parties on campus and off campus, they were usually cracked down by the campus police eventually. During my time there, since I transferred and luckily I was 21. The bar scene was pretty amazing, but now that I am back in the area it seems to have died down considerably to what it used to be. Colley Ave it not what it used to be, downtown is a bit better, but not hugely. A lot of the cool clubs are gone. Such is life! 

&#x200B;

What I will say about finding people to connect with, is always what you make it. You will always find friends if you are truly looking for them. Some people will surprise you and some will disappoint you! Just keep you eyes peeled, be willing to chat and open yourself.....

How is CS at ODU? Hi! I'm a high school senior and I just got accepted into ODU and the Honors College. I'm looking to major in CS and my top two choices are CS and GMU (got accepted into that too). I've seen a lot of posts a lot of Reddit posts, youtube videos, and other reviews about the CS program at ODU (and just ODU in general), but I just wanted to ask again since some of those reviews were a bit outdated and I'm not sure if what they say is still true at ODU today. A lot of CS students or students who took the class have been saying they're disappointed in the programs because the professors aren't very good or that the learning environment isn't good. I also heard the introductory programming classes use C++ (which I heard is difficult, but I'm not sure if that's normal for CS at any college). I don't have a lot of experience in CS besides Java from my APCSA class in high school, so if anyone has any advice for a student like me that's just diving into CS in college I would appreciate it!! I have a week left to accept the Honors College, but I'm considering if I should just choose GMU because I hear their CS program is really good too... although I'll probably just choose ODU because it's closer to me and cheaper. I'm mostly looking for quality education in college, so I hope I make the right choice. I enjoy programming a lot and I'm very passionate to learn more about CS. :) Thanks for reading this long message lol. All your help and advice is appreciated! \*senior hs is so stressful :(\*

I'm a CS major at ODU and honestly it's just a matter of making friends and paying attention. Dragas is the main building for CS classes and there's a computer lab there that will always have CS students in there. Make friends with upper classmen in there and ask for advice. Like professors to avoid for example would be Steven Zeil. Awful professor. Professor to take is Jay Morris or Thomas Kennedy. Good professor's. Also as for C++ being bad, it's actually really easy, especially if you have a grasp on Java, cuz they're really similar except syntax differences here and there.

I got my degree there 30 years ago, when the current chair of the department was a grad student.

I can't give you much advice on the current state of the program, but I can say that CS is what you make of it.  You can either just do the coursework and walk out with a degree or you can find some really interesting projects to do and walk out with a degree and some really cool stuff to talk about during interviews.

I thought Dr. Ayman Elmesalmi was pretty good. I had him for programming II last semester which I took as an elective (I’m an Mech. E major).

He mentioned that ODU’s B.S. in CS is getting accredited by ABET which sounds like very good news. All engineering Bachelors require ABET accreditation so it’s interesting that a CS degree is getting it now.

I'm junior year but I transfered so it's my first semester at ODU. So far the professors all around have been good! I've got 3 on campus, 2 online classes all CS. I'm taking architecture II with professor Susan zehra and she's good at explaining things during office hours but not many people enjoy her actual lectures. My favorite professor by far is Thomas Kennedy. Such a brilliantly smart person and it's been a real pleasure to learn from him. I've heard fantastic things about Morris, mostly from Kennedy. If Kennedy trusts him, so do I. Discrete Structures with Jing He. Another fantastic professor. And the online classes have been such an easy read with straight forward assignments. Overall I've been absolutely enjoying it. Learning a lot with career fairs, mock interviews, resume reviews. Coming to ODU I I thought I was going to feel apathetic towards it but now that I'm here I really do enjoy coming to class and getting assignments done. Once it was all said and done this semester set me back a little over $4k in tuition. If I would've been charged $6k I would've felt like that was a good deal. I truly feel like my money is well spent here. Do some more research and good luck!

Wow! That's super helpful! Thank you so much :)

I never had classes with Kennedy, but did with Zeil and Morris. You can learn a lot from Morris, but it might not be exactly what the class is intended to cover. Tests will (usually) cover what he taught though, so it works out grade wise.

Zeil has a very different style of grading from other professors, and if you don’t get it, it can easily wreck your assignment grades. While it can be hard to grasp initially, his auto grader can really just be thought of as an automated test suite. From what I recall of his programming assignments is that they’re actually much closer to what I’m doing in the workplace now (have an existing code base to integrate to that you can’t change, code to pass a test suite, etc). His overall grading system can also throw you for a loop, but generally rewards knowing the material by the end of the final. What I mean by this is that he has provisions for dropping your midterms if your final is significantly higher than it (concrete example: I forgot which day the midterm was for 330, showed up after skipping some classes without studying and failed the midterm. Studied my butt off and aced the final, ended up with a B I think). He also is an old school Unix guy (I mean, look at the beard! I can’t recall if he wears suspenders too). His Intro to Unix course is hands down one of the most useful courses I took on a day to day basis as a professional developer. The downside to all of this is his actual instructional style isn’t that good.

Tl;dr Morris is fun to learn from and talk with but you may not lear what you need to. Zeil is hard to learn from, but what you do learn can be incredibly useful as a software developer.

People like to shit on Zeil too much IMO. He is a hard-ass but his course work prepared me for the 'real world' far more than any other professors did. On top of that you *will* deal with product owners, business partners, or other stakeholders who are blunt and somewhat rude, as he is, in the real world. There is actual value in having experience with someone like that.

We shit on him because he's not a good professor. Fun fact you can access his coursework at any time for practice or practical use, but when actually taking his courses, especially his online ones he doesn't help you. If you're confused by his notes and ask for help via email he simply tells you how you're overthinking and links you back to the same notes

ODU will open its new football stadium this Saturday against Norfolk State. Join us this season at /r/olddominionfootball

Down 21-0, ODU storms back to beat Western Kentucky

Man, that Marshall loss was tough I guess. If this team can put points up early, they might have a chance of winning the conference.

ODU administration forced me to stop registering students to vote. They cited a policy capable of allowing them to curb free speech on campus. Fuck them. If you want to be registered to vote at your dorm on campus, 

1) Attend an ODU Democrats meeting. We meet on Thursday's during activity hour in Cape Charles room of Webb Center first meeting September 3rd. 

2) Find our table at Fall Involvement Fair Aug 27. 

3) Tabling every Tuesday in both north cafe (Starbucks) & south cafe (Subway). 

I'm a trained by the state to register voters & no it doesn't cause jury duty.

Stopping you in this case is just plain shitty, but...
A couple years back there was a group of people from a church in Va Beach hung around campus, talking to people and inviting them to Bible study.  Honestly, how many students want to go all the way to VB when there are a bunch of religious groups on campus. These people were annoying as hell. I wish stupid campus police had told them to get lost sooner.

I really don't like how persistent any of the groups are. I was followed into the men's room by a guy that wouldn't take no for an answer. I try to be polite and say no, but that polite "no" seems like an invitation to persistence for some of them. Drives me bonkers.

I had multiple run ins with these types while on campus. Very annoying.

The Bible people are the worst. If you don't want to register I'll leave you alone. But, those religious groups ask more questions. 

Ban them.

There's likely more too it than what he's saying.

they are sooo annoying

Four charged in robbery of ODU student

Good Luck for Finals! Just a simple good luck to everyone taking finals, we're almost done with this semester! :D

Same to you, man!

Two tomorrow and I'm here on reddit.

"Im Shmacked" causing riots last night on 42nd street

God, I live on the next street over. So fucking loud; I rarely see that many people out walking around. Can anyone explain what happened? I just heard lots of loud noises, so I'm curious.

I moved off that street in mid-2012, and I'm glad I did.

[the infamous jeep](http://i.imgur.com/Sfo2p5w.jpg)

But these "riots" were nothing compared to when they came 2 years ago.

I live at The Inn and heard all the commotion. I had no clue that it got this out of hand though.

it was because of the "im shmacked" movement

I'm doing my part throwing shit on the other side of hampton, so you 42nd streeters don't do this every night

[deleted]

Aaron Meyers? Yeah, loser.

I don't think it's a very good time when riot police have to be called in because people are flipping over vehicles...

Couldn't agree more.

[deleted]

Yeah, the police are usually there every weekend but the riot police had to be called in which means things got completely out of hand. I'm not saying it was your fault or anything. I just think it's stupid when people get drunk and then destroy peoples property. I'm sure the people who did it were just trying to show of for "I'm Schmacked" but people shouldn't pull a stunt like this just to get attention.

[deleted]

Which is the reason that the whole incident happened. I'm not a fan at all. I don't care if people are drinking or whatever but when people get "wild" and things like this happen, it pisses me off. It's an embarrassment to the school as a whole not to mention that someone is going to take time out of their day to go take their car to the shop to get fixed. Anyway, I'm ranting too much. I will stop.

[deleted]

Well I hope they're reading this thread, and take my next words with a grain of salt. This is not a reason to want to attend a college.

Someone that shares my point of view. Haha.

[deleted]

We are few and far between.

i just posted the picture man dont kill the messenger

See that's where I have to disagree; those two things shouldn't even be talked about in the same sentence. You don't need to come to college to experience wreck-less partying, not to mention pay out the nose at the same time. If that's what intrigues a person, then they should save college for a later time. Of course I'm speaking subjectively, but I find it hard to do both at the same time. College is challenging for me, and I don't really have time for partying. But I digress, I hadn't even heard of these happenings until now, and I'm kind of disgusted at how the ODU community acted. What was the point?

A place for suggestions from students? Specifically in regards to the 8wk term transition. 

I looked but could not find anything, is there a place or email address or something of that nature for students already experienced with the 8 wk classes to submit actual suggestions or a survey type of something for consideration by the staff. 

Not questions, opinions, or upsets just something like... Hey, I've personally experienced this or that, and it was successful or it was absolute garbage because of a or b.

You are operating under the false assumptions that 1) the administration values experience or expertise and 2) that they are open to changing their plan when presented with new information. I have seen no evidence of either of these.

I do love the intent of your post. What you are looking for doesn't exist, to my knowledge. The best you can do is email the office of the VP for digital transformation and technology. Identify yourself as a student with experience in these matters and give a succinct, direct suggestion. I have little hope that this approach will work, but it is the highest probability course of action that I see.

Let me be frank the president does not care about you, other students, the veterans, or even his staffs opinion he decided it and refuses to go back or make leeway on the decision around ironically the same time the billion dollar google deal was signed 

You won’t do anything but waste your time

I love the sentiment but as far as I can tell, there’s no centralized figure on campus dedicated to making sure faculty design quality 8-week classes. My program is working with instructional designers but I’m unsure which office they are coming from.  You might try ODU’s Center for Faculty Development. And if you want to summarize your thoughts here, I’d love to see them!

I'm actually operating under the fact that I have heard, read, and experienced conversation that involved staff who both have and have not already instructed either online or shorter terms that I think would actually want to know constructive information about how/what things have or haven't been helpful to students who have participated in these situations already while balancing life, school, work etc. 

That's why I went on the hunt to see if such an option already exists. Would the majority actually care? No clue... But the fact that some do and in my experience the majority want to succeed, even if for selfish reasons, is enough for me. They don't succeed unless we do. Nature of the beast. 
But I appreciate your suggestion and I'll be putting it to use. Thanks :)

Yes, well, I'll in turn be frank. None of that is relevant to my question. Which had nothing to do with him, changes to any decisions, or Google. 
The information would be solely for the instructors who may be interested in the information while reconstructing their classes and lesson plans since a good portion of them seem to be as new too or shook up by this as us students. 
Your upsets, just like everyone's are justifiably valid, but since in my personal situation I have to deal with it for at least two years, I do not consider providing information that may make any part of all this even the tiniest bit smoother, a waste of time.

I agree there doesn't seem to be one, but I did receive a reply to my email from Dr. Kivin saying that she would be passing along the suggestion of something like an optional survey or something of that nature "to the team that oversees course design and instructional support". 
I had simply suggested a short survey of maybe 3-5 questions with multiple choice replies, questions of the professors choosing would make more sense to me since it would be information for y'all directly, but also suggested to add a short fill in box of maybe 100-150 words max, asking if there was one suggestion/tip for the instructors about something that did/did not work well during a previous 8 week course what would that be.
Just thought something kept simple while still informative in a productive way might be helpful.

Please don't misunderstand, I do love your approach and your willingness to share. There are MANY people at ODU who want an outstanding educational product in every method of delivery. The more of these conversations the better.

My concern is that the incentive structure and sunk cost fallacy operating at the administrative level might prevent them from accepting help. Accepting help means admitting, even if only tacitly, that their idea wasn't perfect. Some people are comfortable making that admission. I have not seen evidence that this administration contains those people. I hope I am wrong.

I, for one, appreciate your willingness to help and look past the “who moved my cheese” faculty who have resisted change. Thank you for being willing to provide your experienced input to make a better ODU student experience and help instructors who are genuinely interested in creating meaningful content rather than just fighting it.

Lmaooooo Okie dok fam

I hear you but that's deeper than what I'm speaking about. 
I keep experiencing instructors who express their valid concerns about how to restructure from 16 to 8 weeks with several stating they have not instructed 8 week terms at all. So my intent is to find out if something like a survey is already out there specifically for the instructors to review if they choose, regarding a few questions about our experiences successfully or not so successfully navigating 8 week courses. 


If they've not instructed an 8 week course or an online course at all, then what's a better way to find some insight, besides other instructors, than thru the students who already have insight on things that do and don't help them succeed. And so far I haven't seen that happen.
At the end of the day, they don't have jobs if we don't want the education they provide and none of us are going to get thru this chaos successfully if we can't find a way to work through it together is all I'm saying.

As an instructor, I’m interested in learning about what worked for students and what didn’t in an 8-week format. Although these experiences likely won’t change the minds of decision makers, it could influence instructors working through the redesign process. Currently, I’m transitioning 2 graduate-level courses and even with years of asynchronous online experience, in terms of course design and instruction, it is tough to essentially cram two weeks of content into one that won’t exhaust everyone involved come Fall.  20 hours of content within a single week for a 3-credit hour course is a massive change.

I just hope everyone remembers to be patient and honestly kind when corresponding during the first few terms especially, since the amount of trial and error is going to be large and unavoidable. I know some of us who have 8 week experience will really have to remember it's a transition for everyone but y'all have a huge responsibility to figure out in a short time. 
I did see the credits and such were being adjusted for the graduate level courses but I've waited to actually dig in and try to figure out what that means until I finish my current classes.  
I did send an email and Dr. Kivin replied saying she would pass the suggestion of a survey or something along those lines to "the team that oversees course design and instructional support." 
Hopefully if anything comes of it, it will be helpful.

I agree that kindness and empathy all around will be key. It will all work out someway or another after some “growing pains”. I don’t have a plan to jump ship and leave ODU if this goes bust so I’m trying to stay positive :)

Classes Offered Are they working on adding more classes for fall as far as subjects on the global campus? I’m a senior and there’s classes I need that aren’t being offered in Fall. There’s also only a single upper division class for my major. The selection seems limited and I’m concerned this change will force back my graduation date.

You should reach out to your advisor or someone in your specific department. Sometimes they might add additional courses but they might be able to offer you alternatives to your required courses

I was surprised to only have two courses available that I needed. I was hoping to take three classes, but I can’t. It’s frustrating.

Basically what my advisor and dept head said is they're reformatting a bunch of classes and there has been a delay. The plan is to have them posted before the end of summer and they said not to worry about seats filling because the new model will not have caps or limits and we'll be assigned a professor at random. I'd contact your advisor to be sure but I'm pretty sure it's an issue across the board with them not rolling this out smoothly or timely.

Graphic Arts Course Complaint Why have the graduation required classes like Design Concepts, Design Seminar, and Design Capstone on specific semesters when you can graduate any time?

Because of this system, I’m having to take a gap semester and stay even longer than I should’ve because someone failed to mention that you cannot take design concepts and design seminar at the same time.

I just want to graduate already.

[https://catalog.odu.edu/undergraduate/arts-letters/art/fine-arts-graphic-design-bfa/#degreeprogramguidetext](https://catalog.odu.edu/undergraduate/arts-letters/art/fine-arts-graphic-design-bfa/#degreeprogramguidetext)

>The Graphic Design curriculum is sequential; required graphic design courses must be taken in the order listed above. Continuance in the graphic design major requires a grade of C or better in all prerequisite courses and requirements in the graphic design sequence.

Essentially all of these courses are considered prerequisites of each other, so you have to take GDES 371 before you take GDES 490 before you take GDES 491. You can try requesting the instructor give you a prerequisite overload, but my suspicion is they treat them as prerequisites for a reason.

my sibling is going through the same thing and the advisor said they’re shit out of luck essentially

It’s just weird to me that I can do it for some classes, but not others. I’m currently doing it for a communications class I’m in. And when I tried doing the prerequisite thing, my advisor waited until after I finally got into the class to tell me that I’m not allowed to do that.

Job opening, good for students in the vb area I work as a receptionist/lab tech for an optometrist office and I’m planning to leave at the end of the year bc I graduate then, so I’m going everywhere to see if I can find someone to take over my spot.

The part time job is located in the vb area, pretty flexible (genuinely the boss is an amazing person and he takes student life into consideration), you would work maximum 20hrs a week. If you’re interested pls dm me for more details

I’m interested

I would be interested

I'm interested!

is it still open? I'm interested

Bet, I’ll dm you

Yes, I’ll dm you

Days after deadly shooting, ODU asks students to disclose their criminal histories

Desperate needs of a few patients Hello! My name is Grace, I’m a current senior Dental Hygiene Student at ODU. I am seeking a few patients (ODU students would be best) for my last semester that’s coming up next week. This will help a lot of graduation and I am mostly looking for patients that has not had a cleaning in less than 2 years, If not that’s totally okay! Each appointment runs 2hr and 45 min, and may require multiple appt depending on how much build up you may have. Please personally message me if you have any questions or is interested, I will try my best to reach back to you!

Im interested

My girlfriend is in need of a cleaning. I hope you’re still taking participants! Would love to hear back, fingers crossed.

I think I saw your ad in FB but I didnt reach out there. Im interested.

I’m interested

I’m interested!

I’m interested

interested 👍🏽

Interested and free next week!

Interested!

Hi I’m interested!

shoot me a message!!

shoot me a message!!

shoot me a message!!

shoot me a message!!

shoot me a message!!

shoot me a message!!!!

I got it!!!

I HOLLERED! MOOD FR LMAOOOO

ME TOO!!

you got your refund? mine was issued but hasn’t hit my bank yet

Yall realize youre gonna have to pay that money back when you graduate,  right? Y'all sound like some freshmen and I will let you know graduation comes FAST!!!

No I meant the email

You have to pay back a VGAP grant??

Complete Breakdown of ODU All Access Meal Plans (And ways to save) The ODU all access meal plans are obviously suspicious, but here is a complete breakdown, and if you are interested, some workarounds or money saving solutions afterwards.

# What the meal plan is:

Before getting into the bigger details, I will explain what the meal plans actually entail.

* Silver:            $3,247 ($350 in FLEX)
* Gold:             $3,358 ($450 in FLEX)
* Platinum:       $3,469 ($550 in FLEX)

Essentially, all 3 meal plans have about a base value of $2,900 and then a different amount of flex points. (They have about the same value, and actually the silver is slightly better by a few dollars, **suspicious**.)

Flex points are essentially 1:1 currency that can only be used on foods or snacks (can be used for meals, also during the last year I could not get the flex to work with vending machines, hopefully will change.)

From here out until relevant again, all 3 meal plans are the same, and here are what the plans entail:

* 4 Meal swipes a day at Brod
* 5 Meal exchanges a week (Can get a meal at Chik-Fil-A or such) (About 0.71 meals/day)
* Flex points

If we ignore the flex points, our plan is most efficient when eating **4.71 meals per day,** which is very human..

# No Flex Calculations:

I could not find the dates for start and end of plans, but they usually line up with dorm terms, move in this semester is August 19, I do not know when the move out date is, but exams end December 12, add a few days. August 19 to December 15 is my expected range. 118 days.

We can model a silly equation, 2900/(118\*x) where x is the expected meals per day. The results are not horrible, they reveal what you would expect, the value is less when the plan is used less.

This is essentially the value you get **if you ignored flex points** (or could save it for later).

\*\*in retrospect 5 meals a day isn't even possible without the flex lol, 4.71 max\*\*

|Meal plan base|Meals/day|Value|
|:-|:-|:-|
|2900|5|4.91|
||4|6.14|
||3|8.19|
||2.5|9.83|
||2|12.3|

But let's not settle on that, because ultimately, we have **flex points.**

# Calculations With Flex:

Flex points can only be used on food items, so in retrospect, with the silver plan, ODU is asking you to commit to using 350 dollars on food outside of the core meal plan. If we say you find 10-dollar meals (like a regular Chik-Fil-A sandwich meal) 350 flex equates to 35 meals.

Essentially, the flex points should have a direct degrading effect on the value of your meal plan.

I've modeled a more accurate equation that you can plug in your own numbers to test out your values:

[https://www.desmos.com/calculator/mbrjpirbl9](https://www.desmos.com/calculator/mbrjpirbl9)

Here are the meanings of the variables below:

* T    The most important variable, the expected total meals per day
* M   The least important for value, cost per meal for flex. (Not as important as it looks for normal use)
* D    Days in the term (If you know more accurate than me or know you will be gone some days)
* F     Flex points you WILL USE (This is important if you want to save flex, more info later)

**Only read answers from the ordered pair**, the X value simply means the meals per day expected from not using flex points **(not meals per day)**, it's probably not that useful for you, **the Y value is the expected value per meal**.

AGAIN.... T is the **main variable** you want to manipulate, use the slider or type a number for it.

ALSO AGAIN... F is the amount of flex points you **expect to use, if you put 0, it is similar to the table above!**

Essentially, now we have the tools to really look into the value of the meal plans.

|Plan|M/day|Value|Plan|M/day|Value|Plan|M/day|Value|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|Silver|5|5.51|Gold|5|5.68|Plat|5|5.85|
||4|6.89||4|7.10||4|7.31|
||3|9.18||3|9.46||3|9.75|
||2.5|11.01||2.5|11.36||2.5|11.69|
||2|13.78||2|14.19||2|14.62|

I am inclined to believe that 2.5 is a perfectly normal use case, and that any argument about eating more as regular is no longer fully utilizing the full value of an all you can eat dining hall.

# Takeaway:

If you compare this table to the previous table, you can see that if you use the flex for meals, you will **absolutely degrade** the value of your meal plan. The table above is most accurate for a spring semester (total days may be different) because the **flex points expire after the spring semester**, so you want to ensure that you utilize them all during that semester (they carry over from fall to spring).

In essence, the good deal that immediately appears from the high number of meals is most nearly an illusion, and that the pricing model is also likely a distraction from true analysis, after all why is the higher tier less efficient and by a few dollars at that, and if you do get the higher tier you are **committing to underutilizing your meal plan.**

I am inclined to believe the plans have been specifically designed this way for many reasons..

1. All living on campus freshman who do not specifically select one of all access meal plans are **automatically put on the platinum plan** (as far as I remember).
2. All living on campus freshman are **REQUIRED** to have one of the all-access meal plans.
3. Vague explanations on the meal plan buying area.
4. Most models place better price optimization at the higher tiers, but the pricing here is suspicious.
5. The initial pricing seems good under good-excellent conditions without including flex. (You are paying for the most optimal scenario, but under 3/day optimization runs fastest)
6. **Flex can't carry past spring** (removes a lot of strategy for optimization)

# Strategy For Low Costs:

Here are some of the strategies I've surmised in order to keep costs low.

1. My best advice that wouldn't help freshman living on campus, **void the meal plan altogether**. If you can get some cereal for breakfast, a footlong subway (can be 10.30 no meal) and split for two meals (maybe lunch for two days) can do well, and then if you buy another slightly more expensive dinner, you are sitting at a very reasonable price range depending on your choice. (maybe like 15-20 a day or so?). Also maybe you can buy flex meals from the freshman haha (really helps both worlds.)
2. If you must get the meal plan on fall semester, do not use the flex points on the same semester... and on the next semester, do not get the meal plan but do be sure to use the flex points. Unfortunately, if you are living on campus freshman for both semesters then this tip doesn't help as much unless you made the jump off campus, you would only degrade your meal plan on the second semester much greater.
3. If you have the meal plan, then attempt to find peers who may be interested in buying spare meals from flex points second hand at better price. It would be a bit of a bummer to lose the flex, but it would get you some value back and would allow you to commit to utilizing the meal plan better.
4. There's probably a bit of a shady option but if you rack your brain, you will probably figure it out.

Few notes..

* I am very inclined to believe 4 meal swipes per day is immutable even if you use an extra exchange, but I never tested that. (how am I supposed to eat 5 meals per day bru)
* Last semester I used two meal swipes then asked the lady how many friends I could swipe in. 4-2. I **should** have charged them for the meals.
* Brod closes at 9pm (It could be 10pm, I can't remember and the information isn't very definitive on the website right now) for cleaning, reopens like an hour or two later for late night dining, it operates different, and I never went, but some classes can run from like 7:30 pm to 10:05 pm or so, and so it can impact your utilization of the meal plan and force flex or exchange if you want to eat.
* **You can change or cancel your meal plan on the first week of the semester start.**

TLDR

Don't buy the meal plan, and if you must, then don't spend the flex in the fall, if the spring, then whoops. Sell flex items and commit to the **actual** meal plan.

Edits..

Can change/cancel meal plan until a week after semester starts.

Dining hall is closed during late night hours, closes earlier than some later classes get out. (reopens at like midnight or something? i never actually went to late night Brod (dining hall), but it stands that it's unreasonable to wait)

This is what I feared when choosing the meal plan when transferring. I was forced to pick out a meal plan and didn’t know what I would benefit from it. I got the Gold 10-Weekly and still don’t truly understand what I bought. So thank you for putting this into data (Regardless of it being All-Access). If you can, could you explain what you mean by selling flex points?

I have the commuter 10 meal plan. I wish I could get more than 5 meal exchanges though. I have never eaten at Brod. I always eat in Webb.

So you can use your meal plan to pay for other people to eat in the dining hall?

Oh I simply mean attempting to find a peer to sell food items to, no way to simply detatch the flex unfortunately

Is there a reason you go for the commuter 10 plan? To me it seems like you would save a bit of money by paying webb meals out of pocket.

I think it's a gray area, it's not the way the meal plan is intended to be used, last semester the lady was fine with me swiping friends in with my all access plan

Gotcha, and for the weekly ten gold, do you consider that to be a decent deal? Cause I’m trying to get understand if I get 5 swipes per week for the semester or it’s something else.

Oh, it’s because I’m a commuter student. most of my meals I eat at home. I probably could’ve gotten the block 50 or commuter 25, but I didn’t want to spend that much money. :)

So the unlimited swipes per day is actually limited to four swipes per day, but she would let you use some of the four for other people?

I think the common theme with all these meal plans is that they are deals if you consider 20 dollars a meal to be the normal, which maybe for an all you can eat that could be fair, but I don't believe structuring an entire meal plan around that is right..

The weekly 10 gold is 5 meal exchanges and 5 dining hall (brod) swipes a week, so yes it's 10 meals total.

The weekly 10 gold, removing the 1:1 flex we have 2399, and if we say 118 days in a semester that is 20.3 dollars every day, I will not apply the same logic as the post earlier that using flex points will degrade the usage of the plan because this is not an unlimited plan.

The plan with 10 meals a week is about 1.43 meals per day, 20.3/1.43 yields about 14.21 per meal, this is basically a best case scenario.

If you went maybe chikfila meal (~11) and then paid dining hall swipe out of pocket (~19.42), it'd be 11+19.42, your average would be 15.21 , so I really think these meal plans are mainly just giving you tiny discount to go to the dining hall, average would be 11 with chikfila! Remember that it's 5 swipes and 5 exchanges, so if we model a swipe to 19.42 and a exchange to 10 dollars, we get an average of 14.71, which is getting really close to the example.

I think this plan is worth it if you think spending 20 dollars for an all you can eat dinner 5 times a week is worth it and can take advantage, it's not beating out prices by that much depending on what a normal cost for a lunch for you is, as I'm aware a chikfila sandwhich meal isn't everyone's go to.

This doesn't take into account things like, how many days you might actually go and such as well, but I think these usage scenarios are much more realistic than the all access, roughly 2 per day and maybe even flex on weekend, however you distribute it.

Edit: important mention I forgot to put, while the prices look much worse than the all access value, thing is you can imagine with the weekly you get like a dirt cheap cereal breakfast every morning, whereas with the all access that is impossible, so if you were to look at the day, say maybe a cereal breakfast is maybe 1.5 dollars a day, then you do two 14.21 meals, you will sit at around 9.97 dollars per meal, whereas the all access doesn't have this flexibility.

I see, I suppose at this scale the markup might seem trivial

Yep that's right, but I can't know for sure if she was supposed to allow it, I looked through rules and there's nothing on it, if there's anything that is subject to change about meal plan policies, it's most likely this

Edit: I also think it would be weird for the system to allow me to swipe multiple times at once, so I'm really on the fence with it

It’s $19.42 to eat at the dining hall?

But it’s something that you have done?

I'm going off of the rates posted here: https://olddominion.campusdish.com/LocationsAndMenus/BroderickDiningCommons

I've never done it this way but supposedly so

Correct, I was able to swipe two friends in a long with myself, and I had eaten breakfast that morning, so it seems more important the fact that it's 4 swipes per day, there were also other cases of swiping others and such but I think swiping in two people along with myself is more significant than the other occasions

[deleted]

That makes sense, well I'm glad to share some of these details because I know most of the details are obscured

What Are Some Pros & Cons Of ODU? Hello! I'm a high school senior trying to pick between ODU and GMU. I was admitted to the OFU honors college this morning. I was admitted GMU honors college in the winter.  So now that I've officially gotten into both, I need to quickly make a decision and commit to one. 

For some information on me as a student: I have a 4.1 GPA and I'm graduating high school with my associates degree. I'm currently looking to enroll at the school of Business because I either want to be a project manager or do something Econ related. A big thing for me is internships/after college life. I know the job market is rough, but I'd like to not struggle to find a job out of college. Yes, I know GMU has a better internship program due to its proximity to D.C., but I heard the ODU's isn't too bad either. 


Now that I've officially gotten that out of the way, what are your pros and cons of ODU? What was your personal experience at ODU?

I chose ODU because it supported me as a working/distance student. Best choice I’ve made in years

I really like ODU! In a grad student in the International Studies department. Solid school, good graduate reputation, and it is a place where teachers and admin really wants to help students. You will do well if you go to ODU. Reach out if you have specific questions or are looking for off-campus housing!

ODU has good internship opportunities too. Norfolk and Virginia Beach are the 2 largest cities in the state, so lots of businesses down here. I did my minor in the school of business and I loved how hands on everything is. I got to work with local companies and even pitched marketing plans to them for classes. I had 4 internships throughout my undergrad and had 0 trouble finding a job. 

On the student life side of things, I liked ODU the best out of all the schools I toured. It is easy to navigate, it's not in the middle of a city or in the middle of nowhere, and it's a very diverse student body. I really feel like there's a space for everyone at ODU.

If you're interested in starting your own business, ODU has resources to help get that started during your undergrad. There's a shop in the student center that's all student products that they get to sell. 

Also based on your GPA, you've basically got a full ride to ODU tuition wise. They just started releasing financial aid packages, so I'd bet you could get most of your expenses covered.

At the end of the day, it's up to you. I was between ODU and one other school by the end of my search and ended up resorting to a pros and cons list to decide. I do not regret my decision at all.

Odu grad here. I had so many friends on campus I didn’t need to go downtown or to Virginia Beach for fun. If you are moderately social there’s plenty to do that will fit your liking. Ghent and downtown Norfolk offer some unique dining options that change year to year. Virginia Beach is always a great place during spring and summer. 

I have never even visited GMU. 

As a minority student myself I felt there was just enough diversity ,Albeit not within my major (EE), that I required. I joined a BGLO and there are several active chapters on the yard as we speak. Also depending on the level of diversity you are looking for there are 2 HBCUs pretty close to campus that offer additional networking opportunities and experiences when open to the public. The city Norfolk has a vibrant international community as well. 

There are several international organizations on campus as that will give you opportunities to network and fellowship with like minded people. 

I feel the education and related facilities were more than sufficient but we all know it’s not the amenities that get you the grade lol. I would imagine any student would be pleased with the educational facilities on campus. 

PROS:
- Price if that’s a concern of yours.
- Football team, even if you don’t like football tailgating and cheering/singing along with school tradition is fun.  
- Beach is 30mins away. Smaller, closer beaches are in surrounding areas 
- new facilities, you will likely see new ones get built while you are there. 

Cons:
- some people don’t like the surrounding areas of ODU.

funny enough, i originally started at gmu and ended up transferring to odu in the spring semester. i thought mason had a decent campus, it was for sure pretty and the location was nice if you wanted to explore dc. the food was mediocre and the dorms aren’t the greatest. it’s a bit more expense than odu. now odu, i haven’t experienced much of the on campus life since i commute, but honestly for the price, the school isn’t too bad, but the location is iffy. as a woman, i felt more comfortable walking alone at night @ gmu, but probably wouldn’t do it at odu!!

I grew up right by GMU but I personally found ODU to be a way better choice for me (I'm an incoming freshman at ODU). My mom graduated from GMU and my brother is at ODU. I'm also graduating high school this year with an associates and a 4.2 GPA. I know a lot of people that have gone to GMU (lots who transferred in from the community college here too) and my main issue is they really try everything they can do to get your money (in my opinion). I would look into what specific classes they would accept and not. If cost is a main concern for you, ODU is going to be a better choice by a long shot. Also theres not much campus life at GMU and the campus itself just feels cold if that makes sense. GMU really is much more of a commuter school so connections can be really hard to make. Sure you could have better internships at GMU because you're near DC but I feel like ODU cares much more about their students. Professors at GMU are good but they can feel more distant and don't seem to care as much about their students succeeding. I honestly think I have a better shot at internships at ODU since it is smaller and also the Hampton Roads has lots of opportunities. Overall I found that I'll graduate quicker from ODU, it has a better campus life, plenty of opportunities, and is way cheaper for me.

The list of cons further outweighs any choice you'll have considering your gpu. The campus has a lot of administration issues, as all universities do, but there's a lot of issues with crime in the general area as well. Break ins for cars happened last night, and last semester, there's relatively common shootings, I've have stuff stolen, and I've almost been robbed (luckily, not being alone is a huge deterrent but people still try.) I cannot speak for the business program here specifically, but I'd genuinely recommend anywhere else (especially in the NOVA area)

I’d personally choose GMU due to proximity to DC, Tysons etc… lots of business up that way. ODU has a good business program, I liked the professors a lot. ODU is a school on the rise, previously it wasn’t that respected but I see it becoming very well respected in the coming years. They’re going a lot to improve their reputation

Something important to keep in mind about both schools is they’re commuter schools. Since you’re coming from far away (sounds like near Richmond). As far as diversity ODU is 30% black while GMU just 10 but more of other races at GMU. If you come visit “activity hour” is tu/th at lunch time that’s when the student center is really busy.

Odu has a much more lively student life than GMU, and even through they are both "commuter schools" I think ODU has way more on campus students because most are from nova. We also have better food options here and its more diverse with LOTS of free student resources and opportunities. At the end do what your heart tells you tho :)

Good networking opportunities, good undergrad/grad schools, generally nice student body, but is in the hood and has gun violence issues

Little late here but ODU’s undergrad Econ program kinda sucks. I came in for economics(now biomed) and the non business economics program in the Arts and Letters department closed down after I started my fall semester. Probably would consider another school unless you can secure a nice presidential scholarship or are more flexible on the major you want like business, data science, statistics, and poly sci (Bachelor’s Science program).

Do not attend this school! How they continue to receive funding from the government/donors is incomprehensible. 

As someone who attended their Clinical Mental Health Program, the program is absolutely unethical, unprofessional, and quite disturbing. Read if you want to know how the university is preparing their "clinicians" to help those in need. How it remains accredited remains questionable, and additionally raises questions pertaining to the efficacy of the entire field. 

Heres an example! Instead of having a formal assessment judging our ability to diagnose patients, as you would think, our male professor asked us to submit photos of our own boudouir (lingerie) photoshoot or cross-dress with the intent to pass. You could also go to a sex store and take pictures. This assingment was completed and submitted by not only myself, but my entire cohort. 

Additionally, we paid for "synchronous" courses... Meaning everyday at 7:00 p.m. you have live, interactive courses. Once we paid them money, all of the classes were taken away. Now, we have no actual classes, just module information we have to "self-teach" and then get tested on. Ironically, the information they provide us with is all incorrect. Links to their videos do not work, textbooks written by their staff make references to graphs that do not exist and have extensive errors. The last study guide I completed for the final exam, which was only 10 questions, had multiple wrong answers. Imagine not having a teacher teach you and just handing you a sheet of paper to learn from, just to learn the sheet they gave you is wrong. If you email your professor, after about a week or two of waiting, you get some weird chatgbt response. 

When you take your FINAL ASSESSMENTS, questions are always graded incorrectly. The first final exam I took had 8 incorrectly graded questions. I think I have only taken a handful of quizzes that were accurrately graded.. Imagine spending 8 hours studying, 4 hours taking an exam, and then seeing that 10 of your answers were flagged wrong.. When you double check them, you realize were actually right. When you let your professor know, they eventually just give everyone points back and just do not say anything. 

I have had final exams with mispellings, more than 10+ quizzes graded incorrectly (If I had to guess probably around 20), and when you email your professors, they take well over a week to respond. The classes are a joke. 

The head of the program additionally forgot to add the online cohort to class registration one time. Instead of class, he informed us to find a random AA class to join in substitution. You heard that, pay him $600 for the required credit and attend a random AA class (that we would have had to find that week) instead. Instead of learning the code of ethics in our ACA code of ethics class, which the professor actually quit, noting disorganization lol, we learned the Racial Healing Handbook instead which literally said "White people answer this and people of color answer this question." Not only is this narrative harmful, but it diminishes the diversity of multicultural experiences by putting them into two boxes, based on skin color. While I agree this information should be taught, I do not believe it should replace core competencies as it did. 

We start treating people in need of help this year. 

I never knew why some people were so anti institutional education until I attended this program. They, including the dean, know exactly what they have done and the risk involved.

Did you consider JMU? The College of Business is really good.

Choose GMU. ODU is overrated and your proximity to DC is not talked about enough

Is there any merit or aid for grad school? I was looking today and price is high so I was curious!

Thank you so much! I'm worried for my college life because I am an introvert lol. I'm a black girl who went to predominantly white schools my whole life, I honestly have like 2 friends and I'm pretty introverted, but I'm not sure if it's because of me and who I am or the fact that I grew up in a school where if people didn't look the standard and didn't try to conform to it, you were ignored. I'm excited to go somewhere more diverse! But I'm worried that because of my introverted tendencies and the fact that I'm kind of an untraditional black girl I won't be able to make friends

I agree with this. ODU’s cost is also lower and so are local living expenses. I am a PhD student now. Generally, if you get an MA or PhD, no one looks at your undergrad. Both are great options, but you can’t go wrong with ODU even if your goal is to work and live in DC.

Ok sorry all v concerning points but WHAAAAAT on earth do you mean by the boudoir/cross dressing photoshoot?!??! and how did they even claim it was related to diagnosis? That is baffling af! Can you share their name? That shit needs to be reported to a licensing board or very least program chair 😟 yikes

I did...I'm not going I'm sorry it's missing so many of the key aspects I need in a college for me to even consider dropping money on it. GMU and ODU have some of the most important ones, including diversity.

In all honesty out of all the colleges I toured GMU was the least impressive. It also gave me the least financial aid. It's my most expensive option, even though I got into some ones with lower acceptance rates that in theory, should be more expensive that aren't. The only reason I'm keeping it in mind is:

A. The diversity 
B. Its proximity to DC

I'm not looking for the obvious with asking this. It's a no brainer that GMU will have better internship options, it's so close to DC it would be criminal if it didn't. I'm asking about student life. Also, those internships in DC don't guarantee anything. I know a few graduates who were in the same program as me (dual enrollment; graduated hs with associates degrees) who have yet to find a job almost 2 years post grad from GMU. It's gives you a good start, but nothing it guaranteed, which is why I'm more focused on putting my money somewhere that can guarantee me a good student life with good networking opportunities, which is why I asked for pros and cons instead of asking which one I should go to since it's up to me to find out which one is the best for me. I appreciate the comment but yeah! I'm looking for pros and cons, not the obvious "just go to ____".

Absolutely! There are plenty of scholarships and assistantships once youre a student

Awesome! Similar story here. The best part about college in general is there is absolutely nothing wrong with being yourself. It’s actually a big part of college and transitioning into adulthood. You will meet so many INTERESTING people where ever you go. My advice would be for you to allow your interest to guide you. For example, if you like gaming, chess, cooking, community service, etc - join the <your Interest goes here> club in campus.

2nd Best part about joining clubs is the free food. Friends will generally come by association so be friendly and nice to hallies, roomies, and other students.

That’s fair. What about VCU for diversity?

That’s great news - I saw only a few on the odu website so I wondered!

Also rules that out way too close to home, I don't want to be in my home city, I just don't like it that much. I'll be real and say I want to stay in state, but most universities in Virginia are just lukewarm imo. I want to be far enough from home without being too far, and I want all my credits from my program to be taken (which is only guaranteed in state) because as long as I go in state, I can start college as a junior. To be real here, the only two colleges I'm looking at right now are ODU and GMU, most other ones have been too don't fit my most important criteria for college.

Should I Do Dorms Again Or Rent An Apartment For $499 A Month? Should I continue to dorm (I am a freshman) or rent an apartment out on 42nd street for $500 a month? Which is the cheaper option and which would set me up better for success?

I did my research, and renting an apartment out for $500 a month seems to be a lot cheaper than even the cheapest dorm house, the only downside is fafsa would not cover it. But even with dorming my freshmen year, I get a fafsa refund of around $1000 each semester. I don’t know if that will change next year, but since I’m an independent student and have a history of homelessness, I get the max financial aid and Pell grant. I just don’t want to end up homeless again lmao. Plus I could work majority of the summer and get enough to pay for rent for the whole college year.

If anyone has already had the experience, would you mind telling me the pros and cons of both choosing dorms and renting an apartment?

If you think you can handle paying rent, utilities, and wifi each month then I say go for it. The biggest pro is that you get your own space. But that can also be a con because you have to provide everything for this new space (kitchen stuff, bathroom stuff, living room stuff, etc). I would also recommend that you find people you know to move in with you. If not, you might be paired with random people who have a different life style than you (messier, loud, etc). 

The dorms are fine and if your scholarships cover it then that is also a plus! You won’t have to worry about making ends meet every month and if you still get a refund of $1000 that’s extra money you can save towards a nicer apartment later down the road. 

I hope this helps sort of!

Keep in mind a $500 apartment is likely not going be to the nicest. I would make sure to do a thorough inspection for bed bugs/roaches before moving in…

If it’s that cheap that means it’s likely gonna be a terrible apartment. Meaning dangerous era, poor utilities, apartment may have roaches and be dirty.

As someone who went to ODU and moved into an apartment after freshman year, I would recommend that you STAY IN THE DORMS!!! I lived in Whitehurst my freshman year so I was eager to move off campus but I quickly came to regret that decision. Norfolk doesn't have great off campus housing for students and the apartments near campus tend to be either gross/unsafe or really expensive. I ended up living at The Point and paying an INSANE amount of money because I couldn't find anything in my budget that was livable. On top of that, you have to pay utilities and wifi, as well as buy furniture, kitchen supplies, etc, and walk further to the SRC and class. There are dorms for upperclassmen where you get your own bedroom, I would recommend one of those!

The dorms offer a higher level of protection and ease. $500/mo sounds too good to be true.

I’m assuming $500 a month is with roommates? If yes, make sure they’re people you know and can deal with living with. If no, then stay on campus because a $500 apartment has something terribly wrong with it. If your scholarships cover on campus housing then I would use it. Less hassle, less worrying about making ends meet, plus a meal plan so guaranteed food. If you’re comfortable with the off campus arrangement and willing to work through school then I don’t see the issue with doing that. Keep in mind if you don’t have a car summer jobs immediately around campus can be hard to find since everything slows down with no students. Might have to venture further out into the city to find something

Apartment unless you need a meal plan

you would get a bigger refund moving off campus unless u want to take less loans they will offer roughly the same as they are now. the difference in cost between your current housing and the new one per semester would be your new refund amount however if part of it is loans its not as sweet

Even commuters can get a meal plan.

Perhaps things have changed. I thought Meal plans were cheaper if you lived on campus. And not really worth it outside of convenience ,if you didn’t.

Stay Strong

Math makes all of those things happen. If not for moth there is no technology, engineering, and science (mostly physics)

Anything higher than precal*

Agree?

Considering what I've seen from this subreddit, I would be for canceling school if was over 60° and under 70°.

Oy!!!

[deleted]

Laughs in 2020 admission

I've wondered the same. Online or in-person?

Laughs in 2024 admission

[deleted]

Laughs in graduate student.

Mine was Mechanical and on campus until the final year

You've worked hard this semester. You've earned it

Monarch pride grant  I got this email saying i got the monarch pride grant, has anyone else gotten this and is it legit. Why wasn’t it dispersed with the financial aid.

following this since I got the same email - hopefully its for real

Also got the same email, I’m assuming it’s real since I have friends that have not received the email.

It's legit. I'm in the DNP program and received it as well. I've already been credited and refunded the $1000 last week because tuition was already covered by another scholarship...

I got the same email this morning!

[deleted]

[deleted]

Literally just made a post about this, but deleted because I didn’t see this. Will be coming back to this post.

I just got the same email too. It looks legit, hopefully it is.

I got one as well

Its real lol

I just got the refund for the monarch pride grant. Seems like it’s actually legit.

I didn't get an email about it, but I also got that grant.

So you got yours plus the financial aid all at the same time?

Not sure but im leaning towards the need side, grants are usually need and scholarships are merit

Im undergrad but idk if grads get it

do you know how you got it though? one day I was just looking at my financial aid and it popped up so i’m trynna figure out why

Separate. The Monarch Pride grant didn't apply until  3 days after Financial aid was credited to my account. I received 2 separate refunds to my bank account

[deleted]

No im a senior, I’ve never heard of it until i got the email. But if you did fasfa and it says you require a lot of need im pretty sure you get it

Canvas Updates? Does Anyone See Their Classes Yet? Newly disabled Sophomore taking all online this semester. Has anyone’s Canvas updated with their new classes at all yet? I would have liked to at least read a syllabus by now or know if I need physical books or other supplies. I am not a last-minute-preparation-due-to-others-dropping-the-ball kind of person, so I’m stressing the fuck out to be honest. 

Between zero new info on classes and still no refunds actually being dispersed into anyone’s accounts seemingly, looks like it’s gonna be another great start to the year.

Also still waiting on refunds 🙄

Only one of my classes has posted the syllabus

Classes don’t actually start until Saturday and some professors may wait until then to open their canvas classes. And you typically have until the add/drop deadline to buy books and other supplies, no need to start stressing :)

I only see one of my four classes in Canvas - and its less than a week before school starts

I have two of my three graduate classes available. They have a syllabus posted, but one has all the wrong dates. I emailed tech support to make sure all was good with my third class not showing up and they said the instructor had not posted it yet. 

In my experiences, some teachers are glad to post a syllabus early and some are super against it, making you wait until the semester formally begins, which is Saturday.

Just one of my classes is showing up in canvas, but it's sometimes like that before the start of the semester. For your books, go to the university bookstore's site, select "textbooks", then type in your classes and sections, and it'll let you know if a professor has assigned a book for the class. You might have to keep checking that in case the professor hasn't selected a book yet. Usually professors are really chill and understanding if you need time to get the book when the semester starts.

Yes

Canvas issue. Happened for me at Valencia college as well, and my brother in law at UNOH

No. I’m so fucking annoyed. Last time I had like two weeks to go over the syllabi. Class starts Monday!

Only one of my classes are showing

Right like what’s up

Mine technically start Saturday, so I’m right there with ya. If anything, I’m just gauging their lack as an indicator of how serious my courses will be. Hope you get your info soon.

I'm hoping this is the case 💀😂

Is there a boxing club at Old Dominion?

I've got a few pair gloves and headgear if you wanna start one lol

seed strong agonizing shelter lip onerous innate doll nine ripe

 *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev)*

Nah, I wish

There'a a jiujitsu club on campus that I'm sure would have some overlap with people interested in doing boxing. 

If you're struggling on that front there are plenty of gyms in the area. House of Muay Thai, Gustavo Machado, and VB fighthouse are all good gyms.

Maybe it would be possible to start one. I know nothing about how that kind of process goes, but I did like a year and a half of boxing at my undergrad school before I graduated and I was wanting to continue when I start school again this fall.

Do you need to know Jiujutsu to be in the club?

You can start one either as a recreational club not connected with the RecWell program so you are under the Student Engagement & Traditions & Student Government funding—you don’t have to do regular training or require a physical.

If you want to be a sports club, this can also be done, under the RecWell program. There are benefits to this like access to physical therapists, rooms at the SRC, but there are also other requirements needed.

If you do decide either way, best to talk to Student Engagement & Traditions or someone from Recreation & Wellness to see which option would be good for you.

Nope, not to my knowledge

Ok, then I might try to join fall semester since I want to get back into martial arts.

I suggest going to their [instagram page](https://www.instagram.com/odu_bjj?igsh=MTZ0OHc1aHF2b3NwMQ==). It'll probably be easiest to get info by DMing them there.

I want to start a student dog owners club, is my idea stupid?? I really want to meet other odu students that have dogs since I feel like my dog doesn’t have any friends lol. I want to start a club for dog owners/parents and do things like schedule hikes/walks, exchange dog treats recipes, dog training tips, etc.. is my idea stupid??

[deleted]

I like it n actually do it honestly im sure a lot of ppl will be interested

thought pocket deer governor caption hobbies march ink soup pie

 *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev)*

Not all, just do it!

[deleted]

I’d join if I were local!

Go for it bro

Yeah I walk my dog everywhere but I’ve only seen one other dog on our walks. And yes I’ve tried dog parks but had a very bad experience so I’ll never be going again (a dog attacked mine)

Lmao yes ofc, that’s another thing I would try to arrange (also long as the other dog owners are ok with it). My dogs an ESA so I would love people to come cuddle/pet/play with him to distract them from stress

Canvas down Is canvas down for anybody else?

yep its down, im assuming you're getting the user not found thingy

Good.

Now it’s just showing my classes from last semester 💀

This sucks I have tons of homework to do😭

yess this happening to me

Yes, it's down for me as well.

Me too, still having a problem.

Yeah, it’s saying my user doesn’t exist. You’re not alone

Same here

Now I can access canvas but my classes are not showing up...

Yes, thank you. That makes me feel better.

Same!

Practice rooms for non-music majors? Hi ODU reddit :) Does anyone know if non-music majors are allowed into the practice rooms for the pianos or for other practice? Do you have to reserve them?

[removed]

When I went there it was never a check-in to use the rooms. So nah you could probably just wander in if you like

As a non-music major technically your not allowed to practice in those practice rooms and they’re for music majors only. But if your in ODUSU or any other group and your a non music major then you can use them. And no you don’t reserve them you just walk in. If anything I’d say try and talk with some of the professors there and see if you can talk things out

Thank you!

Thank you :)

Thank you for that information! And talking with one of the music professors is a good thought, lol, thank you :)

Virginia Tech vs Old Dominion: Prediction, Game Preview, How To Watch (Next Friday, September 2, in Norfolk)

Also, a [shameless plug](https://imgur.com/7JKp6rB) for /r/olddominionfootball

Is the cybersecurity program at ODU solid I am currently going in for enterprise cyber although it’s under the school of business was just wondering if anyone has an input?

I've heard great things, I am in IT, my buddy graduated in cybersecurity and he started in the DOD, so it seems to be a great program

It’s a new program which is why it is under the school of business but it is quite a good program I hear.

Yeah, one of my old buddies said it was a great program

They have one under the School of Cybersecurity. You should check that one out.

well....what do I do now?

If you have an in-person class, then you need to notify those professors (notify all of your teachers anyway) that you tested positive. Student Health Services should notify your teachers but I would do it yourself anyway to be safe.

if you live off campus, you quarantine. self report on the health portal and they will send you a series of emails with what to do. if you live on campus, they may put you in a room to quarantine.

either way you should email all your in-person teachers and let them know youll be out for a while.

What the other people said is correct, but also let people that you were in contact with within the past week know so they also can get tested.

What the other three people said is correct, but also--don't panic. Lots of professors are making accommodations and arrangements to help, mine have been pretty understanding. Make sure you talk to them ASAP.

Basically all I had to do was contact my professors, isolate, and contact anyone I was around. Call Covid Cares if you want to make sure you did everything.

Yea I already told people in groupme.

I'm somehow good at not panicking in situations like this. I already emailed them all.

Cares Act Anyone received their cares act monies as of yet? It was supposed to be distributed before Thanksgiving break, but so far nothing.

[deleted]

Mine was applied to my account, but was not distributed to me. (Despite having a "$0.00" balance)

Hopefully they distribute it out on December 1st.

Edit: I guess not. Just checked and my bill is ready to be seen for next semester and they just chunked the amount off that. Lame.

I got it a few days ago. There were email updates through the process and when it was added to my account. If you've not received it yet and are a full time student and got notice that you would receive a specific amount, I would reach out to the school.

[deleted]

I already got my money! I signed up for direct deposit in my student account and it was sent right to my bank account

One of my friends got $700 and I only got $400, very upset

That was a mistake. Was talking to someone in financial aid today and they said the system made an error as the school isnt allowed to apply funds to a semester that hasnt started. The Cares Act will be refunded into your chosen direct deposit (or check in the mail) by December 1st

No wayyyy!?!?  I was hoping to actually get that money.

Not true. I've been registered since Nov 6 and I got a check in the mail today.

Ok. Thank you.  I’ll contact them.

This is the response I received:

There was an unexpected problem as we processed CARES payments to student accounts.  Normally, payments cannot pay off charges that are not due yet, however, that restriction was inadvertently lifted which resulted in CARES Act funds paying for spring charges.  We apologize for the inconvenience this is causing and a refund will be issued in response to your request. The refund processing will start early next week, and you can expect to receive your refund no later than December 3rd. Thank you for your patience as ODU work through these changes.

 

Sincerely,

 

 

Michael Jefferson M.Ed.,

Financial Aid Counselor

Online/Distant Learning & Study Abroad

Office of Student Financial Aid

https://www.odu.edu/status/covid-19/cares-act

The way they decided the amounts is listed here under Phase 5 if you're interested

Thank you so much.  That’s great news.

I wonder if I should call financial aid again. I spoke to a representative last Friday and she said there was nothing that could be done, that the money was just going to stay applied to the spring charges. Fingers crossed though because yeah, that money would be GREAT to have right now.

[deleted]

They didnt make a statement but you can email or call them if you want to make sure

Interested in Collegiate Esports at ODU? AMA & Varsity Esports & ODU Esports Club Info! Hey Monarchs!

Just wanted to make this post to inform the ODU Reddit community of the Varsity Esports Program and ODU Esports Club. This is just to spread the word and hopefully answer any questions you all may have!

&#x200B;

**Some info about me:**

* Previous ODU Esports Club President for 2 years
* Played collegiate Overwatch for ODU Spring 2018 - Spring 2020
* Pitched varsity esports to university administration and lead the student initiative resulting in the program we have today
* Discord Admin for the ODU varsity esports server
* My career goal is to create a student leadership & development program designed for collegiate esports athletes

&#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/6h8r73us6ns61.png?width=180&format=png&auto=webp&s=b9a152b03c342d25ddb1394251acf346b965faaf

**Varsity Esports**

Website: [https://www.odu.edu/life/sports-and-fitness/esports](https://www.odu.edu/life/sports-and-fitness/esports)

Discord Server: [https://discord.gg/6pMK3MR](https://discord.gg/6pMK3MR)

Twitch: [https://www.twitch.tv/oduesports](https://www.twitch.tv/oduesports)

Twitter: [https://twitter.com/odu\_esports](https://twitter.com/odu_esports)

&#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/jzshzhct6ns61.png?width=250&format=png&auto=webp&s=101b6d43117c9f5622c0019af7b5c8ba5126d636

**ODU Esports Club**

Discord Server: [https://discord.gg/8asT8bKbvz](https://discord.gg/8asT8bKbvz)

Twitch: [https://www.twitch.tv/oduesportsclub](https://www.twitch.tv/oduesportsclub)

Twitter: [https://twitter.com/ODUEsportsClub](https://twitter.com/ODUEsportsClub)

Instagram: [https://www.instagram.com/oduesportsclub/](https://www.instagram.com/oduesportsclub/)

Facebook Page: [https://www.facebook.com/gaming/OduEsportsClub](https://www.facebook.com/gaming/OduEsportsClub)

Steam Group: [https://steamcommunity.com/groups/ODUEsports](https://steamcommunity.com/groups/ODUEsports)

Wow I love esports!

[https://twitter.com/MidAtlanticEC/status/1380938496911761408](https://twitter.com/MidAtlanticEC/status/1380938496911761408)

Thoughts on the Cybersecurity program at ODU?

CyberSec major here, graduating in December. 

Program is great honestly. Lots of praticality, application, theory, etc. I've had classes where I've actually hacked shit and classes where we discuss the law and privacy issues. I believe the school was just named as one of the best programs in the country. 

The classes are fun and interesting if you're actually into them, otherwise they're probably tedious. They're mostly online. I switched from Comp Sci and I don't regret it I'm way happier doing the things I like to do now. Expect work every week, but a lot of the professors are actually mostly young so they're pretty easy going. 

Overall I give the program an A, I really enjoyed my education in it that I'm planning on getting my masters in CyberSec after graduating.

ODUs school of cyber security is new. The degree has been around for a while. ODUs location in a military area is helpful though.

I can't speak for it directly, but if it's like the engineering school it will likely have very close ties with DOD and other Intel agencies, state government entities, and spec ops and military contractors.

I don't remember seeing many tech companies at ODU, but I wasn't iooking for those roles.

I'll speak to what I know since I did parts of my studies at ODU. (some basic computer classes at ODU, bachelor's from ECPI, graduate certificate from ODU)

It's a very good program and the professors were always helpful. There are also plenty of other students that are willing to help you with anything that you may have trouble with.

A degree from ODU in this area is really good too since the school does have direct ties and work with a lot of the companies in the area, especially defense contractors. A lot (basically all) employees also look at certifications as well. Don't slack on maintaining those. Security+ or higher is really required for a lot of DoD jobs. ODU courses will help prepare you for these pretty well, but definitely study for them. Scripting wise, powershell and python are your friends, especially in cyber - if you know either of them or both, you've got a good leg up on someone who doesn't. 

The courses that I've taken covered both practical and theory which I find very useful personally. I've found a lot of schools based on interviews I've done don't spend enough time on practical, and ODU does well in those regards to make sure you get the practical.

Pretty good program tbh, you won't have a lot of math which is a good thing. Classes are a bit easy imo, I'd recommend it.

[deleted]

[deleted]

Did you learn Linux or python? Also if there were no covid-19 would the classes be all in school?

There’s are relatively new program called enterprise cybersecurity at ODU. Is there anything you can share about it?

Have you landed a job and how helpful were the internships

Hey, I was actually interested in going to ODU to major in CS and minor in Cybersecurity. I love to code but idk if software development is for me bc the tasks seem to be very boring. On the other hand, idk much about cybersecurity work and what you actually do but from what i hear, it sounds so interesting to me. But is there programming involved with cybersecurity?

Yeah, there's plenty of classes that use and teach Linux. Python, no I learned that individually, even though there are professors who encourage you using whatever medium to perform tasks, Including python.

As far as Covid-19 there are some classes where you could go into but most of them are hybrid so you could stay at home online. When ODU transitioned to the COVID stuff I was barely affected by it

Which exact companies or government agencies are you looking to apply for after graduating?

I'll say this my guy. If you're looking to get a job in CyberSec get certifications. Security+ at a minimum. I'm currently applying to jobs and I have applied to over 100 jobs not an exaggeration. 

I've applied to NSA, CIA, NGA, type of organizations. I've applied to private and public sectors. I've had an internship/co-op since 2018 that is finally looking to hire me because of the new CIO who wanted to put on a hiring freeze. 

CyberSec curriculum requires an internship class where they will help you try to find one as well and you may be able to get a job wherever you intern at.

But my list is pretty long to list which exact companies and government organization I have applied to.

Well currently im 17 with A+,Net+,Sec+, and CySA+.

You sound set, A+, Net+ aren't that useful in terms of CyberSec but just make sure to keep them relevant and renewed. ODU can give you knowledge to pass them and some professors offer discount codes but they don't offer the chance to take them at least in my experience. 

I'd recommend it tho, the program was a lot of fun. I really enjoyed the application classes where we actually practiced stuff out

Yoooo my prof wants us to do a tiktok vieo At at least some type of public posts that people who you dont know can view. 

She also said that we are allowed to do a meme.

This is gonna be a fun class

What class is this ???? Lmao

Lmao link it

I’m a government employee so I’m not supposed to have that installed. What class is this?

Same question.

Hi ODU! A Virginia nonprofit wants to make sure you're safe. If you live in Virginia and are struggling with substance use or if you know someone that is, we will send you a FREE opioid overdose reversal kit. BE PREPARED. YOU COULD SAVE A LIFE! Overdose is now the number one cause of death in Americans under 50.

In 2018, there were 1,193 opioid-related overdose deaths­­ in Virginia. Together we can change this!

We offer FREE OPIOID overdose reversal medication, supplies, and training. There is no stigma. It will be mailed to you for FREE. We are willing to ship the supplies to anywhere in VIRGINIA. Please, pass this message or the link along to anyone you know that may be struggling or anyone that knows someone that may be struggling with opioid addiction. Anyone who may encounter someone that uses opioids should order one, as well. BE PREPARED. You could save a life! <3

Our organization has over 500 reported reversals so far with the Narcan/naloxone that we have supplied. That is almost 500 lives saved and we know that the number is likely much higher as many reversals go unreported...

Just take a short training and answer a few confidential questions at the link below:

[https://www.naloxoneforall.org/caf](https://www.naloxoneforall.org/caf)

We have been verified as legitimate by a trusted news organization (wusa9):

[https://www.wusa9.com/article/news/verify/verify-free-narcan-opioid-overdose-reversal-kit/65-f40ffb3d-77c2-498a-8cea-1e1daadadaaf](https://www.wusa9.com/article/news/verify/verify-free-narcan-opioid-overdose-reversal-kit/65-f40ffb3d-77c2-498a-8cea-1e1daadadaaf)

Please feel free to share! thanks!!!

Anybody wanna form a pop punk band this fall? I’m an upcoming freshman and I don’t know anybody and enjoy bands like Jawbreaker, Remo Drive early Green Day and nirvana and curios if anybody would wanna start a band!

ODU Fraternity Suspended 5 years for hazing.

steep familiar spotted fade head enjoy squeeze puzzled childlike oatmeal

 *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev/home)*

You could read the article. Unless you are saying that isn’t the whole story, which in that case I don’t have it.

modern wakeful march tie apparatus busy unique sand tidy dime

 *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev/home)*

Incident of a really injured student. Went to the hospital.

William & Mary student murdered near Colley Avenue

ODU rant thread I'm going through some frustrating times with ODU and wanted to open the door to anyone else looking to let out steam. 

How has ODU pissed you off?

Fair warning, this sub is kinda dead. I wish you the best of luck with your troubles with ODU though.

During my undergrad (2013-2015), I always had the worst experiences with the financial aid department. The staff was just so unprofessional and their indifferent attitudes made it extremely stressful and frustrating to get financial issues sorted. That being said, I'm in grad school at ODU now and the administration and staff have, as far as I've noticed, improved significantly. 

Oh, and fucking parking. Fuck ODU's parking. 

What's your deal with ODU, OP?

I graduated in '11.  I don't if things have changed, but ODU has the worst job placement services.  Once you graduate you are on your own.  I have had 10x more help with job placement at the University where I completed my masters.

Just graduated.
Most of my rants had to do with classes being only offered online (Engineering Management). I do better in classes when I have by butt in the seat and am able to ask questions before, during and after the class to clear up any confusion. Far too often professors would end class early and not stick around for Q&A after class was done. 

A lot of times 1 or 2 min from the professor would save me an hour or more of confusion on how to solve a problem.

If you are a com major, do not take any of Dr. Jane Rowe's classes. The woman expects you to write papers like you are in middle school. I'm talking like 5 sentence paragraphs. It may sound great and all, but when you are taking classes and all of them are papers and gives you some bullshit grade because you didn't meet her standards, it fucks with your writing. Shes also an old grouch and literally looks like death.

One person already said it but I am gonna say it again. The parking situation sucks. I get the fact that I have to pay 250 for a year. Some schools it’s a lot worse. I had a buddy that went to gmu and their parking passes could cost up to 400 but the fact that I pay for parking get to school, park in the further away lots and it’s still difficult to find parking is what sucks. The school is going under a bunch of renovations, sooooooooo it would be really nice if they built another parking garage or something but we all know that isn’t going to happen. 

Also I transferred to ODU and getting in contact with my advisor was so difficult. I had to go through so many people to figure out who my advisor was because according to the website it was this one guy but it defiantly wasn’t.

Not too big of a deal, but Whitehurst is ridiculously far away. I lived there freshman year and more than half my classes were in BAL. I tried to take the bus in bad weather, but it never failed to be 15-30 minutes late every time.

[deleted]

Thanks. Im not expecting a lot of activity but who knows, right?

Fuck Odu’s parking entirely.

Recently just switched my major to com, thank you for this.

The master plan from 2013 had a new parking ramp planned. 

The plan is pretty much out the window now though.

But with more parking lots going away they really need to do something.

Its sort of a shame that Ballards pekposal for the football stadium didnt get taken seriously. He had a huge parking ramp planned as part of the package.

[deleted]

Did he not get his classes at preview? Pm if needed

Yeah, it's not too great that the sub isn't as active as it could be, but I hope that changes soon.  I've been checking in as often as I remember to, which is usually daily.

I had a choice and I chose Scotland as my first, and Whitehurst as my third, and they gave us Whitehurst because everything else was filled up. As far as safety, Whitehurst has never been an issue for me. 42nd St and Killam Ave are where crime usually occurs, which isn’t near Whitehurst. 

For proximity, I’ll admit, it’s not the closest. I’d recommend leaving a bit early depending on where the class is. There’s an ODU app that has a map of all the buildings (almost identical to Google Maps), and that’s what helped me determine how early I should leave. You get used to it pretty quick. I loved Whitehurst.

[deleted]

[deleted]

Wait. Are they electives in his major plan? If they are, then he's still on the right track.

It could, and maybe I could host a giveaway or something - Challenge people to write a story about something ODU has helped them with, most upvoted story gets the prize.

Glad that you're interested in seeing it more active, too!  Maybe I'll ask some of the faculty if they'd take a moderator position, that'd make it more official too.

[deleted]

The question is, what prize is tantalizing enough to get new users on here, and what can we do to make them stay?

[deleted]

There's a chance that if we contact faculty about this idea we can spread it around ODU with the prize being the school's responsibility rather than mine.  It would push out a lot of impressive work from people that could get them some attention and shine a spotlight on this sub.

YouTube removes racially-charged music video that sparked controversy on ODU campus

Honestly probably a non ODU student trying to slander ODU

Every day is paradise at ol' dirty

And if/when they find out who made it shes gonna be like "i was having an emotional moment, i love and care for black people and would never intentionally say those things" 

#Mk 👌

This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](http://southsidedaily.com/2017/02/21/racially-charged-music-video-sparks-controversy-on-odu-campus/) reduced by 90%. (I'm a bot)
*****
> NORFOLK - A controversial music video made the rounds in the Old Dominion University Twitter community on Tuesday after a student tweeted the video - called &quot;White Power&quot; - just before midnight Monday.

> ODU Democrats Vice President Jake Dafoe said that when he was horrified when he saw the video.

> Though it hasn&#039;t been confirmed that the woman in the video is a university student, Tagee Blackman said if she does take classes on the Norfolk campus, the video would make it difficult for her to continue her education at the university.


*****
[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/5venl8/odu_president_decries_racist_music_video_that/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ "Version 1.65, ~68931 tl;drs so far.") | [Theory](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept/) | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr "PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome.") | *Top* *keywords*: **video**^#1 **student**^#2 **University**^#3 **ODU**^#4 **woman**^#5

ODU is playing in the Bahamas Bowl today!

I made an Old Dominion Football Subreddit

ODU envisions new, 30,000-seat football stadium

I'm split on the decision.  But, I suppose it's necessary if ODU really wants to compete in FBS.  An upgrade to 45,000 would be nice if ODU football does take off in FBS.

ODU beats UVA in a 63-61 thriller. Pictured, Coach Taylor hugging #4 Batten (23pts, 2 Reb, 2 Ast, 1 Stl) at the end of the game.

[Link to the ESPN recap of the game](http://scores.espn.go.com/ncb/recap?gameId=323570295).

Let Batten play more! #freebatten

If he stops fucking up hell get more tine on the floor.

Yeah...didn't he go 1-12 one game this year?

I got my acceptance letter today And I can NOT wait to be a Monarch in the fall of 2013! Now let's celebrate.

I'm a freshman this year. Make sure to apply for Scotland when you do housing. Put it as your number one choice. You do not want to get stuck in Gresham, Rogers, or Whitehurst. Scotland is the newest and the best. Can't give any better advice. 4th floor rep. :)

Congratulations!  It's a pretty great place to be.  I'm slightly sad I'm leaving in May...

any musical backround?

Congrats! Know what you're gonna major in?

R u A M a P Ei A <(*

Upvotes because for the love of god listen to this guy. I was stuck in...

*dun*

*dun*

*DUUUUUNNN!*

fuckin' Gresham East D:

Thank you thank you! I'll be sure to do so!

Thanks so much! You can always come back in visit, but congratulations on graduating!

I'm sad to graduate too. I have a summer class but I think I'm gonna take it online at TCC

Um.. I sing and I used to play the piano, but not really.

No idea :D

I am so sorry for you :( How's that walk? Lol

No problem! :)

Thanks!  I still have one semester, so hopefully I survive.  I have to retake two of my chem courses from getting sick last Spring, and they are hard as balls.

Haha, I have a bike. Actually the location was pretty good, because I'm in the marching band and it's fairly close to the stadium. Nevertheless, I'm glad I'm in the Village now.

:/ Chem... Good luck and God speed, my friend!

Ohh, lucky you! I have a bike as well, but its rusted to smitheroons, so I stopped riding it. How is the village by the way? I can't handle these kids in the dorms. I need some real sleep. Is it quieter over there?

Oh yeah, most of the time it's great. We get the occasional dumbass running through the hallway and beating on the walls, but they seem to be few and far between. There is also the inevitable 4:20 smell, so if you're an into that it's cool, and if not it's not overwhelming.

The most important factor in liking the Village is, of course, having good roommates. Kitchen + living room = more shared space that will get dirty and may start a quarrel over cleanliness. Luckily, me and my roomies don't mind taking one for the team occasionally, so everything stays clean.

My only problem: the Village is so damn far from the rest of campus. The closest building is Building 1 (where I live), and it's still all the way on 45th. Also parking (predictably). I paid $300 for parking for both semesters, and they gave away half the spots in my lot to ODU cops and faculty. Freaking parking office.

[deleted]

You *can* get into the Village without already having roommates, but those who can fill a room (i.e. they have four people for a 4-room apt.) are in the first round of the housing lottery. So pickin's will be slim. If you really hate your random roommates, have no fear! You get your own bedroom with a deadbolt that only your key can open.

The Village has its own lot (actually like 4 lots, and you can park in any of them). It costs something like $160 for one semester or $300 for both.

The kitchen is great. Full-size fridge (no ice maker), range, and above-range microwave. Lots of cabinet space, and the cabinets are deep, so you can totally hide your liquor behind the pots and pans. Oh yeah, and the CA's (community assistants, they're essentially just RA's) are super chill. They do room inspections, but they don't really look at anything. We had liquor in the fridge and Christmas lights tucked above the cabinets and they didn't even look.

All in all, the price is totally worth it. $3,500/semester, plus $1,300 for the summer if you get the 11.5 month agreement (there are only 2/10 buildings with the regular 10 month lease, so don't count on it, however you can sublet the apt. if you don't want it over the summer).

That's actually far more affordable than i expected. Why do people bother living in the district?

Well it has a pool. Also, if my friend who lives in the District is any indication, they're all rich turds.

Haha, but seriously, it's the massive housing shortage coupled with the fact that homesteading (i.e. staying in the exact room you currently live in) no longer exists. Aint that a peach.

Ents? I know you're here. Trying to meet some new people.

Nice try ODU cop.

Not since the accident

Pretty sure that it's everyone who goes to odu.

ITS A TRAP!

hell yes

I'm also trying to meet some new people. My roommate is a real ass.

Hey bro.

Hello

[Right Here](http://www.google.com/imgres?hl=en&sa=X&tbo=d&biw=1366&bih=667&tbm=isch&tbnid=NFljFXwI1vT8sM:&imgrefurl=http://www.neebeep.com/itsownsweetwillneebeepc/2012/02/on-spell-doesnt.html&docid=jLosUesPCVZDsM&imgurl=http://www.neebeep.com/.a/6a0148c76e8722970c0167621abbea970b-800wi&w=400&h=300&ei=bQXAUIztK-aa0QHy8oH4BA&zoom=1&iact=hc&vpx=931&vpy=166&dur=528&hovh=154&hovw=212&tx=122&ty=95&sig=105935339951793861749&page=1&tbnh=130&tbnw=184&start=0&ndsp=22&ved=1t:429,r:5,s:0,i:141)

You got me!

This guy is going places

http://cdn.videogum.com/files/2012/02/romney.gif

There was an accident?

Yeah, Fuck that guy.

I laughed, have an upvote.

I think I know what happened here...

Welcome back to the dorms fellow Monarchs!

And let strangers steal your shoes.

Now go out and meet some new people.

And go ride the lion.

As a freshman, this day went great!

Please feel free to let me know where you are staying so that I may give you a personal visit.

Haha, I can't wait for that first text message/email this year.

Took me until sophomore year to try this. It is quite an experience.

Glad to hear this, hope you can get along well with your roommate. That will probably define how your first year goes.

I must say this is one of the creepiest accounts on this subreddit

Hey Murphy. <3

They all seem pretty cool.

Good to hear everything is going well. Where are you living?

Rogers Main. Only problem I've had is trying to meet girls. Its pretty segregated.

The first week/weekend it's a bit hectic as i'm sure you've noticed. Soon people will branch out and get more comfortable since they see your face everyday in the dorm setting. Make some guy friends, be confident, and the girls will be there.

Haha, that's ODU for you - both gender and race. 
Don't try and meet girls your first week out, focus on classes when they start then girls. They're not interested in guys the first week out anyways. 
Or go to parties and get all the sloots.

Alright. Ive made plenty of guy friends, but was getting tired of the sausage fest as its not what I'm used to. Actually I went down to the lobby last night and two guys from my hall and a girl from the building invited me out. And we played retarded tired Frisbee and it was awesome.

Yeah, a few have came up and introduced themselves but most seem to remain in groups. I went to a frat party so there were some sloots.

I think we need a a /r/odu community meet up. lets make it happen.

Something is telling me that this community meets up just about every day and doesn't realize it. I hang out with ODU redditers on a daily basis.

I, too would be down. Especially since I just found this subreddit!

lol wanna meet up in webb? like in a few days?

I'd be down.

I'm in!

yeah, guess I'm in too

I'm in as well!

I'll be there as well, as long as its a Friday or Saturday.

I dont know anyone on here so Id be down

we should, um, keep making plans for this...and expand it so we don't lose the thread, also wait until fall break's over, doesn't seem like the best time for a meet up considering some of us will be gone

Yeah i know, but it would be cool if we could get a group together and maybe party sometime.

im down. i dont know what works best for everyone else.

I think we should plan to do it the weekend after fall break.  Any ideas for were to meet up..or just the web?

How many of you all go to ODU football games? We could meet up and tailgate somewhere before the Towson game next saturday the 15th?

me and my girlfriend are going to that game so it would be awesome to get together and tailgate.

somebody needs to post some details

Im up for tailgating, and the game.  We just would need to find a place that would work.  I live in an apartment complex so i can't really host.

AI Question Do people taking online courses get accused of using AI often? I know a couple schools that make AI accusations based on turnitin reports, but I wanted to know if ODU does the same?

It depends on the professor, not the school. Some use detectors, some don’t, but they’re unreliable anyway as explained further in this [post](https://www.reddit.com/r/DataRecoveryHelp/comments/1ldlwos/ai_detector/), so they’re not supposed to be the only proof. If you’re doing your own work you’re fine, just keep your drafts in case.

There’s no standard AI policy across the university. I do think that online courses are more likely to see accusations of AI, primarily because they also see the most use of AI. 

If your professor makes an accusation based on an AI detector and only an AI detector, challenge on the grounds of their inherent fallibility. If you actually used AI, though, there’s a decent chance that they’re relying on the “objective” measure when they have other evidence that could create further problems.

Moral of the story: if you’re concerned about false positives, clarify the policy up front and act accordingly (and also don’t use Grammarly). If you’re concerned about getting caught (not accusing you directly, just speaking into the ether), you are doing so in an environment where trust is particularly broken and frustration is mounting.

I aee a lot of people use AI especially in discussion posts. One of my courses encourages AI which is a little weird and interesting. ODU is incorporating [ODU Artificial Intelligence](https://www.odu.edu/artificial-intelligence) all over. Including AI courses and using it. If they accuse students of AI then ODU professors and ODU needs to reevaluate themselves. Although Im not a fan of AI it would be insane if they flag students down for it considering the university has been advertising it

I've never been accused of using AI since I've been an online student at ODU. For the most part, AI use is not allowed and will be stated in the syllabus and/or assignment instructions. I've had several classes where it could be used; however, you had to state exactly how it was used and prove it didn't do the whole assignment for you. 


As for issues with Turn It In, there were maybe 2 or 3 times where I got a higher than usual percentage, but come to find out, it was flagging my references and a few instances of 3 or 4 words in a sentence. Some professors have a note in their syllabus and assignment instructions where they'll say if the Turn It In percentage is above a certain amount, it'll automatically be a 0 on the assignment, but I think (my opinion) they look into it deeper than simply going by the score. At least that's what I think/hope. 


My advice is to not use AI or generative AI at all unless you have permission to do so! I only use spelling and grammar checks in Word or Google Docs, but even they can be wonky.

Typically, no. That said, I have heard of professors asking to meet with students they believe are using it(usually they are if it's that bad) to clarify if/why they used it.


Best advice is to not use genAI, especially in writing-driven Arts classes. You're paying thousands of dollars to learn something: don't outsource that learning or knowledge.

It depends on your professor and whether you've actually used AI when you shouldn't have. Or in a manner not acceptable by your professor.

I had ONE professor who gave me a 0 based off of the AI grading report, I look at what was flagged and it was literally JUST my references. I had to escalate it to get the prof to actually read my paper and grade it. This was in 2021 though before chat gpt was a huge a thing, I think I just got a lazy professor. ODU handled it well imo

It definitely depends on the professor. I take mostly online classes and most of the time it’s fine, but one or two of my professors have definitely accused me of using AI. Just make sure you use Google Docs or word first if you have to submit something directly through canvas. It’s easier to prove that you didn’t use AI (viewing the version history).

The university leaves these policies up to the individual instructors, at least they did when I was teaching there. I made sure to be clear in the syllabus that I would expect to see a draft history in Word or Google Docs if I suspected the use of LLMs like ChatGPT. Google Docs saves them automatically, but I needed show the students how to enable autosave in Word. A draft history is your best bet to fight any accusations of plagiarism as it creates a detailed record of the writing, revision, and editing process.

You could get a tracker installed on Google Docs/ Microsoft Word that tracks your typing strokes. I’ve never been accused of using ai but I have that there just in case.

My son's in graduate school. They have to critique colleagues work. Reviews a colleague who had clearly used chat gpt. Colleague turned in said work and got an 87. He was pissed, but told him if you have to cheat to pass, there will come a time when cheating is not enough.

Any professor ive had where my turnitin was above 25 told me not to worry about it bc it detects the simplest human things. Not all professors are like this some unfortunately.

ODU alumnus here.  Friends with many Professors there and at other southeastern virginia colleges and universities.  They all can tell with a great deal of certainty when writing is not a students.  It's not rocket science. It's a big time waster for the Prof and the student to have to address work that is not the students.  Follow the syllabus, do the work, they all have office hours - use them.

Probably they’re more included to use it and it’s usually true

I’ve never been accused but in one class someone sent an email to the class asking if anyone else had been accused on a recent assignment and a significant number of students said they had and they were stressing big time. Freaked me right out so I adopted a method I saw on another subreddit- I added a chrome extension called “draftback” and switched to doing all work on Google Docs with it turned on, it captures every key stroke and shows the whole editing process as a video. Then I cut and paste the final product into Word for upload since there’s no way to actually upload google doc to canvas. I know AI use is rampant especially in online classes so I don’t blame instructors for being suspicious, draftback protects me and will ease any doubt/concern they might feel if I am ever questioned or accused.

Free Improv Classes In VB Greetings ODU,

Every week in Virginia Beach (near Town Center) I offer free improv comedy classes. Thursday nights at, 7-9 PM, held at Collective Yoga, 3936 Virginia Beach Boulevard. Come to a few and you can perform in our monthly shows! 

I'm a very experience improviser who used to teach for UCB up in NYC. We're building group that typically has at least 10 people at each session. First time attendees are welcome to just watch (but jumping in is more fun).

Classes are in a yoga studio so you have to remove your shoes! Also, it is improv so you have to be ready to laugh and have a great time!

Sign Up Here:

[https://www.eventbrite.com/e/intro-to-improv-workshop-virginia-beach-tickets-1894081050409?aff=oddtdtcreator](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/intro-to-improv-workshop-virginia-beach-tickets-1894081050409?aff=oddtdtcreator)

Learn More Here:

[https://www.radicalagreement.com/virginia-beach-improv-classes](https://www.radicalagreement.com/virginia-beach-improv-classes)

https://preview.redd.it/gp7h0han9zug1.png?width=784&format=png&auto=webp&s=37bbd4ccb47ea85320f1fb3a337c027a7354fb93

YES, and... if OP is who I think it is, it's definitely worth showing up for.

I see what you did there ... and I encourage others to follow your lead.

Look familiar?

Those things are so cute lol, just a couple days ago a couple classmates and I were cooing over one

Where to find Monarch Strong pins Hi everyone, I've seen some people with little Monarch Strong pins. I would like to get one, but I'm not sure where I can find them. Does anyone know? Thank you in advance!

Edit: thanks everyone for your responses. I was able to find them in the library also, if anyone else is interested. #MonarchStrong

Pretty much every building I walked into today had a little table set up where they were handing them out

Mills Godwin has some

The ribbon pins were in oceanography yesterday

I would love a wristband but can’t find them anywhere online, is there a place or are they only available on campus (I’m not local)

Brod has stickers. If i had to guess i would say they are at the tents in front of constant

Thank you!

Thank you!

Unfortunately i have only seen them on campus, however if I see any this week I would be happy to pick one up for you!

Thank you! I will definitely look for the stickers too.

That would be great thank you!

What's going on at ODU with the constant hall situation? Any updates Hey I have no idea what's going on with the whole cops situation. Some say its shooting, some say it's false alarm. Any updates please.

Police scanner said two victims ~30 minutes ago. They said they were still evacuating at that time and did not have concrete numbers.

 I have heard 3 as well. No info on their status. I thought I heard one was stable but can't confirm that, it was mentioned once and low quality.

Actual police comms during events like these are typically encrypted.

Edit: university confirmed 3 total: 2 wounded, shooter is dead.

Due to an active shooter situation in which the shooter has been neutralized, all classes and operations on the main campus are suspended for the remainder of the day (Thursday, March 12, 2026).  Avoid the area in and around Constant Hall where emergency officials continue to work.  An update will be provided as soon as possible.

My coworkers son just called and said that there was an active $hootr that walked into an "ROTC Class" and shot the teacher. Her son then reported that $hootr offed himself. 

Apologies for the spelling...I dont want the mods taking this information down

I heard as well on the radio, also have a video of them carrying one victim and possibly another victim/shooter

They are also canceled tomorrow.

I just saw another student reporting a similar story on the news. Waiting for confirmation from the media.

Mods don’t do anything in this server lol

And there will be counselors from 8-5. ODU actually had a much better response than last time

Grad School Rejection Applied to ODU's Clinical Mental Health Masters program and recently logged into the portal to see a rejection letter. Stellar GPA, great letters or rec, lots of extra curriculars. Not sure how I didn't possibly get in. Anyone know any factors that could let them to reject me?? Or areas to improve?

It could be a number of things:

Did your extracurriculars “tie in” with the graduate program in any way? If not, they don’t matter.

Did you have to write a “personal statement”? If so, how did you differentiate yourself from the others who applied? They expect everybody to have good grades and good recommendations, so the personal statement helps you “stand out” and show how “you were made for the program and the program was made for you”.

WHEN did you apply? If it was close to the deadline, they would have had time to start a preliminary review of the ones that came on earlier, and in a manner of speaking, you may have been “too late”-especially if the program has a very enrollment.

That’s all I can come up with so far; and, I have graduate application experience as a student (PhD and MPA).

idk the specifics of this program but grad acceptances often also depend on factors internal to the department, like the availability of funding/faculty/clinicians, etc. It's not unheard of for programs to accept few or even no new grad students in lean years

Then it’s probably your essay. You need to address why you really want to be a counselor and why you think you’ll be able to work with diverse clients. It also needs to be authentic to you and well-written (academic style). Less important but still a factor are whether your extracurriculars were related to counseling and (to a lesser extent) what your major was. You can usually make up for these by having a really good essay that explains it all. 

Whether you applied to the in-person program vs. online likely matters as well, since the online program can accept more students per semester, but it also receives a lot more applicants. You also might have a better chance if you apply for a spring semester start due to the number of applicants (but I’m not sure about that).

When I got rejected, it was because the cohort was full for the next start date. I applied again and was accepted

Did your references write formal letters? That certainly boosts an application. And any research or practical/clinical experience. To my knowledge, it’s a fairly competitive program.

Also, were your references actually in the field? That could make a difference?

Disbursement email Hey idk about yall but I got my disbursement email today not for refunds but the actual disbursement email but my funds got disbursed yesterday. So I think that’s an omen of good things

This typically happens now we will get our refunds by Friday morning. I’ve checked my previous refunds and lined it up with when I’ve received funds and it’s normally 48 hrs after

Yep. If not tonight, hopefully tomorrow.

My financial aid was disbursed on Monday and I got the emails on Tuesday. I'm still sitting at negative right now. They play too much! Lol

[deleted]

I got my email and zeroed out!

ZEROOOOOO

I’m zeroed out as of right now and got that same email too

[deleted]

zeroEd

I zeroed out but don't have an email

Zero. But no email and it has the RALL code even though I have direct deposit. So tomorrow or Friday for sure.

Just zeroed out!!!!!

I GOT ZEROOOOO

Just got the email they sent refund to my credit union!!!

Say less

Yep

Lmaooo damnnnnnn

I think you’ll zero out tonight tbh

Yep I zeroed out

how long after did you get your refund? mine just zeroed out today so wondering on a timeline. i’m using direct deposit

Refund on the way if you did erefunds depending on your bank tmr or Friday

What is the rall code?

Never mind that email has been sent !

Check yall email, next day

Tyyy!!

In my account history it says refund credit balance and next to that it says RALL.

niiiiiice. haven’t gotten an email about it being zeroed but i saw the 0.00 and the refund code when i looked at my student account

Yeah I don’t have that

When I log into myODU I click make payment that’s how I saw it.

Idk I don’t see that

I see

Just to update I got my email. War is over! 😭

Renee Nicole (Macklin) Good [POEM]

Lost pencil pouch It’s a long shot but I left my pencil pouch in BAL 1004 yesterday at the bottom of a chair in the front row. If anyone sees it if you could let me know 🙏🙏🙏 it’s very sentimental to me and I’d hate to have lost it completely

Did you ever find it? I believe they keep a lost and found in the advising office on the first floor

What the hell

first time at brod? it’s prison food

Why’d you order that?

I’d still tear it up honestly

You put it on your plate buddy

Should've went to UMass. Go Minutemen! [https://umassdining.com/locations-menus/hampshire/menu](https://umassdining.com/locations-menus/hampshire/menu)

Aramark ~ the largest food providers for universities and prisons.

Ive been here 3 years and every time it is better than the "food" at my HS.

I was curious

Curiosity killed the cat

Curiosity is the key to fulfilling life.

Football morning towing reminder Make sure you are not in a lot or garage that is used for parking. Towing starts around 5am. 
Move From Lots: 1, 3, 5, 7, 8, 9, 11, 16, 38, 42, 43, 47, 58, & 49. Garages: 43rd & Elkhorn, and 49th St Stadium Garage.

Save yourself or someone $100!!

is this for tomorrow?

Where are people supposed to park when there are games? That seems like all the lots!

Lot 32 and 33 gang rise up

friday

Make sure your car is moved before you go to sleep friday.

If you move your car after 10 pm friday and then move your car back Sunday afternoon, you can park in either of the constant center garages or the 43rd Street and Bluestone garage. Additionally, Lot 32, and the village lots are probably the best lots to park in if you live near them. 
Football games always sucks for resident parking.

You must be a first year

Everyone has the same thoughts about parking

Haha yes! I don’t even live on campus but isn’t there games on the weekdays too? I have a Thursday class that goes til 6:30pm so if all the lots are closed where do those students park?

There is one Thursday game this year. For that, parking closes the lots at noon, I believe. I'd just recommend parking in the 43rd Street garage next to the Barry Art Museum that day. 
If I remember correctly from the last year there was a mid week game, the whole campus kind of shuts down around noon to prepare for the game.

Edit: i would recommend asking your professor about the plans for the Thursday game.

Thank you!

Non-Traditional Students Hey guys! For context I’m a 28 sophomore here at ODU, starting to take some courses on campus, after being online for due to work/schedule. Are there any groups on campus that other non-traditional students could meet and talk? Would love to meet some similar students in the same boat as me to hang out with/study!

Late 30’s online but local Va Beach student checking in. Junior in Cybersecurity, Interested if I’m not too old haha

I’m also non-trad, already have a bachelors but going back to get some pre-reqs for med school.

22 year old junior transfer from TCC

I’m 24, a mom, full time medical career and I’m on campus!!

I'm 35, a tutor and consultant working with non-traditional students

I’m 35 years old and I transferred from Northern Virginia community college with an associates degree in general studies and I’m a senior at ODU now. I’m definitely a late bloomer.

I’m 22 year old freshman.

Late 30's  from VB too. I do online classes only but if anyone wants to connect, please count me in.

I am 41, and a junior in the Accounting Department, but I unfortunately live in Springfield, and I’m 100% online.

I’m 28, senior. First semester full time back on campus! I’m a history major.

You guys let me know if you’d ever want to do a meet up! I’m down

Of course not! Late 30s is not old at all Lol!

Nice! Congrats on the Bachelors! That’s actually my ultimate end goal-getting into medical school. Are you taking any classes this fall?

im also a junior transfer!

Do you have any AM classes? I feel like maybe I should start a group to see if I could get some traction….i think it would be nice to have a safe space for non-trads navigating through this journey!

Thanks! I’m in calc, bio 1/lab, chem 1/lab, and sociology

Yooo what’s your major

I do! All my classes are from 9-1 MAF!

im a psych major!

whats yours

mwf**

I have one class M/W/F 9-9:50, and M 4:30-710!

oh so cool!!

give me my money at this point can I assume I’ll never get it? (it’s a joke)

Ikr? I'm staring at the neg balance willing it to change.

srsly! give it now!

Right!! When someone see a girl at the stoplight with a will work for food sign plz be nice and pick me up lol

so we are just waiting for that number to be zero right?

They probably in the office laughing reading our posts

REAL WTF

Same I am waiting for my account to zero out smh

Mine Zeroed out but instead of the normal “e refund” title i got every year before its called a refund under “medical group 3”. Like they “charged” my account to balance.   Has anyone else seen this? Im calling finaid to ask why it’s different but ive been on hold for 40 minutes already waiting

Check it!

Mine just zeroed out!!!!!

Why is everyone getting refunds?

how do u get that much???

I think so !!

Mines just did as well but it don’t got my refund did yours do a refund

Not yet. It zeroed out and says that it will be issuing a refund but doesn't say when.

Once you get the zeroed out and the email saying that your refund has been processed, you will get the refund basically the next day, but also it really depends on your bank. I have USAA and mine comes in the next day. :)

I have Bank of America so it should be the same for me.

Dental Hygiene Patient needed Hello, my name is Grace! I am a senior dental hygiene student here at ODU! I am currently seeking out patients (adult, children, etc!) for this upcoming school year. If anyone is in need of a cleaning or is interested please message me if you would like more information and would liked to schedule feel free to hit me a message!

This was my go to in undergrad.

I’m interested, I am a sophomore transfer this year

Meeeee

Me!

Me as well!!!

also interested!

That’s wonderful, welcome to ODU! I’d love to provide you with dental services. Please feel free to privately message me whenever you’re ready to schedule or if you have any questions.

Things you can do this Weekend (May 2 - May 4) Hey everyone, like last week, I’ve put together a list of events going down this weekend in the area. 



I’m planning on sharing a more expanded list like this every Wednesday so if you want to get it in your email you can sign up for it [**here**](https://neptunesweekly.beehiiv.com/subscribe).



**5 of the coolest events you can do this weekend:**



**Friday 5/2**

[Bike Night @ Virginia Zoo](https://virginiazoo.org/event/bike-night/): Tire-d of your same-old cycling route? Put those pedals to the metal and gear up for a wild, after-hours ride at the Virginia Zoo!



**Saturday 5/3**

[VB Master Gardeners Plant Sale](https://www.vbmg.org/): The Virginia Beach Master Gardeners Spring Plant Sale offers thousands of healthy plants at unbeatable prices, including natives, herbs, veggies, perennials, shrubs, trees, and more—plus beautifully designed container gardens.

[Shore Drive Famers Market](https://www.facebook.com/Shoredrivefarmarket/): Get some fresh produce at the Farmers Market!

[STIHL Timber Sports 2025 North American Trophy](https://www.visitvirginiabeach.com/event/stihl-timbersports-2025-north-american-trophy/10193/): STIHL TIMBERSPORTS brings epic axe battles, chainsaws, food trucks, and cold beer to the beach—free and fun for all!



**Sunday 5/4**

[Atlantic Coast Kite Festival](https://beacheventsvb.com/event/atlantic-coast-kite-festival-2025/): Soar into fun at the free Atlantic Coast Kite Festival—giant kites, demos, contests, and hands-on workshops for all ages!

Thanks !!

Chesapeake Animal Services is doing a thing every Saturday in May where you can take a dog out for a couple of hours. They’ll supply the things they need. I know this is dependent on having a car to get around but it’s also something fun to do :)

Survey on death penalty opinion (open to students, staff, professors, etc.) Hi y'all! My capstone group's doing research about **opinions on the death penalty**. It's totally voluntary, but if you choose to do it, it's also anonymous and only takes around 5-20 minutes to complete. All further details are described in the survey itself, but if you have any questions please comment or shoot me a DM! Thanks for considering :-)

Link: [https://forms.gle/p1zdNdWBiGxN4tWg9](https://l.instagram.com/?u=https%3A%2F%2Fforms.gle%2Fp1zdNdWBiGxN4tWg9%3Ffbclid%3DPAZXh0bgNhZW0CMTEAAaYspVCn5hsVxDenLWxILGcpiSLXjxoHR78RfHwin6I-4RrtwMpNmR1AIf0_aem_XBri4XzzZoL6-hONvsB9Ug&e=AT2tW_M5UcYLopa6oVTvfrf0ieMkZX3tzXWEgJRuvOu6AghI1xmoi6jI9eHSRnRGAUmuVi2FQdJIPOaA5aDo-KIMi1u6mdmJhUqh7yYtn-EoZePNQSDwpA)

Things you can do this Weekend (Mar. 21 - Mar. 23) Hey everyone, like last week, I’ve put together a list of events going down this weekend in the area. 



I’m planning on sharing a list like this every Wednesday so if you want to get it in your email you can sign up for it [**here**](https://neptunesweekly.beehiiv.com/subscribe).



**5 of the coolest events you can do this weekend:**



**Friday 3/21**

[**Ringling Bros Circus**](https://www.sevenvenues.com/events/detail/ringling-bros-and-barnum-bailey?utm_source=neptunesweekly.beehiiv.com&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=stargazing-cars-and-the-circus&_bhlid=36278829075118d10ea5766219e746550b496a74): The Circus is in town for the whole weekend!

[**Harry Potter in Concert**](https://www.sevenvenues.com/events/detail/harry-potter-chamber-of-secrets?utm_source=neptunesweekly.beehiiv.com&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=stargazing-cars-and-the-circus&_bhlid=4c503c535544f19c91b9916f10027bf2afae80bf): Watch Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets while a live orchestra performs John William’s unforgettable score.

[**Stargazing**](https://www.nps.gov/planyourvisit/event-details.htm?id=3810AC0D-EB87-7C65-D14766AC1E59366B&utm_source=neptunesweekly.beehiiv.com&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=stargazing-cars-and-the-circus&_bhlid=12fcd11c04e3b52a5563170a96cfc632ceff0589): Explore the night sky viewing galaxies, and star clusters over Fort Monroe. No experience or equipment is needed. Telescopes and expert guides provided.

[**Gem, Mineral, and Jewelry Show**](https://www.treasuresoftheearth.com/about-1?utm_source=neptunesweekly.beehiiv.com&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=stargazing-cars-and-the-circus&_bhlid=d51987d4e88ec93bb74cab5fc2bdeac9cbb30423): Check out fashion jewelry, crystals, minerals, and fossils at this show! A gemologist will also be on-site for appraisals.



**Saturday 3/22**

[**Norfolk Cars and Coffee**](https://carsandcoffeeevents.com/event/norfolk-cars-and-coffee/2025-03-22/?utm_source=neptunesweekly.beehiiv.com&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=stargazing-cars-and-the-circus&_bhlid=0ebf5af09ed1e22b20878973a32d82e21fc7b07d): Join other car enthusiasts to check out cool cars while sipping coffee.

[**Portsmouth Cars and Coffee**](https://carsandcoffeeevents.com/event/classic-cars-and-coffee-at-the-portsmouth-olde-towne-farmers-market/2025-03-22/?utm_source=neptunesweekly.beehiiv.com&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=stargazing-cars-and-the-circus&_bhlid=6e203c0f90fade650034ca4a19f098cc2919cd86#google_vignette): Meet fellow car enthusiasts, admire amazing cars, and enjoy a cup of coffee

[**Dog Day at the Zoo**](https://virginiazoo.org/event/dog-days/?utm_source=neptunesweekly.beehiiv.com&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=stargazing-cars-and-the-circus&_bhlid=f0655afd5b4330fc61545c253d63e0352ec77f64): Bring your dog to the Zoo and enjoy the first day of spring!

[**Spring Wine Fest**](https://www.facebook.com/events/995810842375035/?utm_source=neptunesweekly.beehiiv.com&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=stargazing-cars-and-the-circus&_bhlid=d5a1329b7cd6f4a9427f0641da17a77341168328): Sample 12 exquisite wines in a relaxing and scenic setting.

[**Run the World 5K**](https://www.facebook.com/events/1175045400826900/?utm_source=neptunesweekly.beehiiv.com&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=stargazing-cars-and-the-circus&_bhlid=765dd0be5431c5f6f9b370ad859e392afae07403): A community run event in honor of Women’s History Month.



**Sunday 3/23**

[**The Vanishing Elephant**](https://www.fergusoncenter.org/events/detail/the-vanishing-elephant?utm_source=neptunesweekly.beehiiv.com&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=stargazing-cars-and-the-circus&_bhlid=7ed76de5c253965e738c465a90fb196b37e861d7): Check out this family friendly play about a young boy who dreams of becoming an elephant trainer.

[**Salty Dog Beach Walk**](https://norfolkspca.com/saltydog/?utm_source=neptunesweekly.beehiiv.com&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=stargazing-cars-and-the-circus&_bhlid=1fd84aa47ecb69553da8fa8cd57bb4793b8902bf): Help support the Norfolk SPAC with their yearly fundraiser event!

Things you can do this Weekend (Mar. 14 - Mar. 16) Hey everyone, like last week, I’ve put together a list of events going down this weekend in the area. 



I’m planning on sharing a list like this every Wednesday so if you want to get it in your email you can sign up for it [here](https://neptunesweekly.beehiiv.com/subscribe).



**5 of the coolest events you can do this weekend:**



**Friday 3/14**

[Lil Wayne Concert](https://www.chartwayarena.com/events/detail/lil-wayne-live-in-concert): Rap icon Lil Wayne live at Chartway Arena, with special guest Anella.

[Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey](https://www.hamptoncoliseum.org/events/detail/ringling-bros-and-barnum-bailey?utm_source=chatgpt.com): The Circus is in town for the weekend! Bring the family along for The Greatest Show on Earth! 



**Saturday 3/15**

[Harlem Globetrotters:](https://www.harlemglobetrotters.com/world-tour/schedule/chartway-arena?utm_source=google_ads&utm_medium=paidsearch-hgi&utm_campaign=winter24-tour&utm_content=hgi-250314-all-norfolk&gad_source=1&gclid=CjwKCAjwvr--BhB5EiwAd5YbXiThkJPwMeFwEE1drW0n7Y5zwIxkNdycu-xZqqYC3-9HrSMizBYQBxoCQ3cQAvD_BwE&gclsrc=aw.ds) The Harlem Globetrotters are playing at Chartway Arena! Should be a fun game with some cool tricks and big dunks against the Washington Generals.

[Spring Day of Deconstruction](https://langley-speedway.com/day-of-destruction/): Enjoy an action-packed day of vehicle stunts and thrilling events at the Langley Speedway! 



**Sunday 3/16**

[West Side Story Symphonic Dances](https://www.sandlercenter.org/events/detail/westsidestory24): Experience a captivating orchestral program featuring *Symphonic Dances* from *West Side Story*.

Can you keep posting things like this each week since I rarely know what’s going on

Also on Saturday, March 15, 2025:  
  
Norfolk Saint Patrick's Day Parade  
[norfolkparade.com](https://www.google.com/url?q=http://norfolkparade.com&sa=D&source=calendar&usd=2&usg=AOvVaw09X_LuRGIU-VuZp2sug0pb)  
\- free, with live music  
\- in the Ocean View area, Norfolk, VA  
\- family-friendly parade starts at 10 AM, ends at noon  
\- then after-parties start around noon through at least 4 PM

Be ready to walk a few blocks, and wear green!

Plan on doing that!

PHC Graduation Items Hi, I had a post a few weeks ago asking what  students get for graduating with honors. I met with my advisor today and he showed me the stuff we get. I am graduating spring 2026 but was nosy lol. Unfortunately, it’s not the best photo but I hope this helps!  If anyone wants to see a closer look, it’s in the honors college office (:

Thank you for posting this! :))

Do you get the same items if you’re not part of Perry honors college?

Of course! (:

Loan Exceed Notification Anyone else receive this? What is it all about I don’t understand…..

I had similar happen to me… I transferred in my community college credits and applied to get credit for training in the military, it brought in 100 credit hours. You get capped at 150% of the credits required for your degree. After that you are ineligible. 

I could go to the registrar and have the military service credits removed, but the transfers from other universities and colleges are stuck there. LESSON: so you can accidentally screw yourself out of financial aid and it’s no one’s job to warn you.

I also got it. Never transferred before been going here to ODU 5 years. One of my friends got one of these emails back in 2022 and nothing happened, so I feel like it should be alright? Though I'm also confused about it.

it means you will received reduced financial aid loans. If you reached your cap, your next award or your most recent award will be reduced to what is left and after that you won't have any money left. There are caps for each grade level, undergrad, Masters, etc. If you reached your Cap, the only way to get more federal aid is to pay down the loan debt. If you are Pell Eligible, you will receive PELL but not more Federal Student Loans, you will need to go private or get scholarship funds. This happened to me. I was over awarded, exceeded the cap and dropped out because I exceeded the limit for an Undergraduate Degree. Cheers to the american Higher education system!

this makes sense i’m a 2nd degree student so i transferred credits from the first degree and any credits from high school i had… ugh

Probably will also be dropping out gotta love it!

I unfortunately ended up taking on some private student loans to compensate for this exact same thing. Be wary, some of the companies that are offering the loans are super predatory with their interest rates, because they know you're probably getting a loan to finish out the degree! They also don't have to abide by the same payment structure the federal ones do while you're in college so that interest gets crazy. Luckily I found out I have some GI bill left, because I went applying for all the scholarships I could on Fastweb, so I've saved myself from having to use any more. Good luck to you!

This is my take on Financial Aid after Wall Street sacked our country a few times in a row.

"Take what you can, give NOTHING back, a pirate's life for me". Just make sure to not waste your time and effort and actually get that degree. It's the only piece of paper worth something to ya mate and to anyone else that's willing to pay for you being educated, savvy?

Living in Nusbaum and my suite mate has her boyfriend living with us, what can I do?  I feel uncomfortable living in a house with a random man. He doesn’t even go to ODU. Is there anything that I can do?

for clarification, is it Nusbaum? i live there currently and to my knowledge, all grad students got a 1 bedroom apartment to themselves. 


if it is nusbaum, report her to the RHD for Gresham and Rogers, he oversees the people living in the Nusbaum apartments. he’s pretty chill. he’ll have to go through his own investigation but he’ll probably have the both of them removed since your suite-mate is breaking the contract by having an unauthorized roommate if he can prove that is the case.

IF you don’t want to go to the extreme of reporting her, try having a conversation with her and let her know that it makes you feel uncomfortable and you just want him over less.if she reacts poorly to your request, then move forward with getting someone else involved.

good luck!

REPORT THEM! You deserve to be comfortable at home. ♥️

It’s insanely easy. Make a report with video proof so they kick them out

Have you discussed this with your suite mate?

I’m there temporarily. It’s an apartment with two bedrooms. How do I find the RDH of Gresham’s contact info?

Is what my suite mate is doing against contract?

No, she is horrible at listening. I stopped trying to talk with her. She only sees her point of view.

i can pm you if you want. i have his email and phone number as well as the AHD. 

but yes. in any odu dorm, you’re permitted to having the same guest over three times a month. assuming she’s not registering him, she’d get in trouble for that and if they discover he’s been living there full-time, then she’d be violating two terms in the contract. if you can, provide proof in your initial email in case they try to hide it after being contacted. take photos of anything that signifies that he LIVES there.

Make the effort before getting Housing to drop the hammer.  You'll have a much-stronger case if you do.

Yes, please pm me!

Also, I’m not sure how to rove he lives there.

ODU's Electrical Engineering? Hey everyone!

I got into ODU for fall 2025 and ofc a rising freshman, i got in for electrical engineering and i'm just curious as to how the program is? As well as anyones taking it advice? 

Thank you!

Got my EE degree from ODU in 1982.  Had a pretty successful 40 year career.  The curriculum is nothing like it was back then.  Nobody laughed at an ODU degree though.  It will kick your ass and you will doubt your sanity.

Hi! Im currently a third year student but a second year electrical engineering major (I switched majors so I’m a tad behind). I’m having a great time in the program even though it’s kicking my butt lol. Consider joining the IEEE club since that’s where all the ece students gather to hang out and connect!

The first few courses in freshmen/softmore will be easy so you should do your best in getting your GPA above 3.5 minimal. Junior year will be the hardest. Then it's smooth sailing during senior year where you should have a good time.

I am a junior in the ME program. I have friends in EE, they say they really enjoy the program. Math at ODU is strenuous, so always check RateMyProfessors before signing up. I hear Calc 2 is always a weed-out course (not sure if you have to take it).

That's any school you go to. Math in engineering is supposed to be hard. Hopefully people don't think going to ODU is an easy way to get an engineering degree because you're going to be badly mistaken. I was an Information Systems and Technology major. Those classes were very difficult especially the ones toward the end! 

Good luck!!!

Calc 2 is the a weed out course in every school tbh. Along with (in your major) that “one class” 

I think for EE you have to do Calc 1-3 and ODEs, maybe or maybe not PDEs as well

How many calc classes did you need for IT?

I can assure you that ODU is not thought of as an "easy" engineering school 😉

lost keys someone lost their keys at the parking garage on elkhorn. Im putting them in the chemistry building.

Spring break eats??? This is my first spring break at odu and I’m extremely confused why there is NOTHING open except Steak ‘n Shake?!?! I went home for the week and came back today (Saturday) to have a day for getting prepped. But for the kids that stayed on campus, what does the school expect you to do for food?? 

This is a joke. The village is open too but as a student that actually lives on campus (Owens) walking all the way to the village to eat seems unreasonable. What is the deal with odu? Steak ‘n Shake already takes incredibly long to give out orders. Now that everyone on campus has only this place to eat it takes even longer. Very confused and irritated with this debacle.

I think rn only steak and shake is open in the Webb yeah. There were some other restaurants in Webb open this week but they all closed by five today. Subway was open until seven most of the week. People on campus are expected to walk to the village I think if they don't grab food early and save it for dinner. Or get something on monarch way with monarch plus or debit/credit. It sucks but many (most?) of the people who work for dining are students, and they deserve a break too to be fair. Dominos delivers right to the residence halls if you have the 20 bucks to spare? I'm sorry though lol, it really is annoying

Odu used to make dorm stayers go home for breaks for most likely this reason,  idk why they changed it especially since they still closed a majority of the food options. I feel like since they are now giving the option to stay that they should also have brod open even for a shortened time or offer some type of food thing to make sure dorm ppl don’t starve

Yeah I agree. Brod should def stay open for at least some time I was thinking of the international kids and what they supposed to do but pretty interesting way to go about spring break imo

We go to Walmart or survive on what is open.

Also it ain't just steal n shake. Subway and sometimes panda is open. 

But ya we got Walmart to get food from

yeah this has always happened lol it was even worse if you were a student on campus during COVID. they charge you up the ass for this required meal plan and then have weird hours for everything. get a different meal plan next year if you live on campus, you won’t regret it.

You’re right too about the workers being students. They definitely deserve a break probably more so than me and I should have checked the hours online rather than assuming thanks for the info

Ah makes sense. I arrived at 6 so I didn’t see anything else was open

Yeah, that sounds terrible for all who have to stay on campus during the Break.

AirPod found I left it on the bench in back of the ev Williams. Near the bridge in front of oceanography building.

Rivalry between ODU & JMU Is this a big rivalry for the tidewater region and for both schools?  
I understand it started with football and is called the Royal Rivalry.  
How do most monarchs view JMU? Is ODU more selective or is JMU for admissions and academics?

ODU and JMU have been playing for a lonnnnnnnnnnnng time, I think going back to even before the CAA days. It's been dormant due to us being in different conferences but now that we are back together I expect it to heat up pretty quickly.

JMU gets better academic ratings on websites but they have a different mission than ODU. ODU has dozens more doctoral programs than JMU and some departments like JMU engineering are a joke. Each school has its academic niche and depending on what you're looking for one will be better than the other

It is becoming a bigger rivalry now that we are both in the Sun Belt Conference and play every year. JMU is a harder school to get into and their football is on the come up. My view is that they have beautiful women but they still rub me as a preppy rich kid school for whatever reason.

This was a basketball rivalry, a heated one, long before we restarted football. Now we can hate each other through the entire athletic calendar.  

Is it a big deal in Hampton Roads?  It is in ODU and JMU circles. Outside of those it is kinda meh at the moment.  If the game was in Norfolk this year it would have more juice here. 

JMU is like if you got uva off Wish with marginally less awful colors. Oh and I will hate Kent Culuko until my dying day.

Edit:  A word.

Quality of schools is probably preference, athletically speaking this rivalry is no 2 to VT in football and in basketball no 2 to VCU. It will pick up more and more each year now that we are both SBC schools.

I do know some students who transfered from JMU. They hated it lol

[deleted]

Friend, there is nothing preppy, rich, or beautiful about Harrisonburg, VA or most (notice an exception for not all) of its inhabitants. JMU is just a PWI for students that couldn’t get into UVa, VT, GMU, or CNU. 

As for football, they’ve had a good run in the FCS and their strength of schedule still reflects that level of competition. As another VA school though, I wish them the best of luck.

I guess that’s maybe personal preference. I’m taking living 10 minutes from the beach in a massive city with an airport and a ton of stuff to do over a small college town in the middle of nowhere mountains.

Did you ever smell the poultry farms surrounding JMU for miles? Literal shitholes…

both schools are easy to get in. both schools get similar career recruiting & are viewed by companies the same. growing up is realizing that when it comes to regional state schools, it doesn’t matter lol

You’ve revealed so much about yourself in this post. I can see why you love UVA. Oh, and JMU is more selective than CNU (neither of which is particularly difficult for good students to gain admission). GMU accepts literally everyone who applies. VT is a great school, but it’s in Blacksburg. Too far away from the rich suburbs of NOVA.

I spent a whole lot of time in Norfolk/VA Beach as a Naval Aviator. You couldn’t pay me to live there. I mean that literally—they offered me a GS-14 position at the Naval Safety Center and turned it down immediately. It’s not a mountains vs beach thing, it’s a nice people vs nasty people thing. And that tunnel traffic… 
I am pleased to hear that tidewater people think Harrisonburg is in the middle of nowhere, with nothing to do. Please keep promoting that observation, down there.

Oh, it’s unbearable. You should tell your friends all about it. Definitely avoid Harrisonburg.

Let’s think this through, we can do it slowly for you. Your arguments rely on your purported acceptance rates as the sole qualifier for institutional quality with no controls for external campus(es) or online acceptances. Given that you’ve offered no objective data or sources to support your case, it’s problematic to consider you a professional, scholar, or reliable source. Good day sir, yet thank you for your service.

So many military people hate it here. When I ask them about it, usually turns out they stay near the bases and don’t do anything the area really has to offer. I have a friend who was stationed here for years before he realized we have beaches better than ocean view. I’m glad you found somewhere you like more… it does make me wonder why you’re in the ODU subreddit though, if hampton roads is such a shithole

Smelling is believing

Help needed I am currently a new transfer to ODU and very new to the Norfolk area. I took most classes online so I don’t really know anybody transferring to ODU. This makes looking a for a roommate really hard. I have tried roomsurf but I’ve got no luck. I need to move in before July because my job just transferred me. ODURENT approved my application but I have to wait for an interview from some roommates to see if they’ll accept me. It’s been two weeks and I haven’t heard anything. If anyone is looking for a roommate or has any leads   please let me know my budget is $600+ utilities.

Is joining a sorority worth it if I wanna participate in other clubs? Hi! I’m an upcoming freshmen and I just had a question about joining a sorority. My sister was part of one when she attended ODU and told me that it was a big time commitment cuz they do a lot of volunteering and that people were required to go to meetings. When she told me that I wasn’t sure if I wanted to join anymore because I wanted to join other clubs and organizations like the softball team, the orchestra and the Filipino club. Would it be better for me to join a sorority or join the other clubs that are at ODU?

I would say go for it. If you were planning on going through FFR this upcoming semester, go ahead and see if you think you find a group that you click with. If not, then you don’t have to go through with it. A sorority is a big time commitment, but you definitely have time to be in clubs as well. Some orgs require you to be involved in another activity anyway! :)

Yes many sorority members are part of other groups. Sorority is an expensive investment as well, miss a meeting, fee for that in addition to monthly dues.

Anyone playing Pokémon go..??? As I am new to university, I didn't find any clubs.

I still do.  You should join the local hampton roads discord.  It is very active  [https://discord.com/channels/406820191306252288/407681509756239893](https://discord.com/channels/406820191306252288/407681509756239893)

I play 😏

Thanks but above discord link is not working

What's your Id..??

ill pm you

Lost Keys at Whitehurst Beach Park. If anyone knows whose they are please come to the Powhatan front office!

Financial aid disbursement Anyone have an idea when are they going to disburse the funds?

According to Financial Aid Office,  


"Spring disbursement will begin on January 11, after 5pm, assuming all is completed. "

Anyone actually get their disbursement yet?

Thanks for this thread. I was wanting to know as well.

Are you all even receiving emails !?

Has anybodies loans still not hit their account or is it just me?

U sir are the real hero of r/odu

Thank you!

Thank you! Glad to know the timeframe. Was worried when it would be due to the semester starting later than usual.

No but if you check Leo online you can see a "balance" credit left over and that's how much you get back. I think they send checks 5 to 7 business days from now

Nope

I just checked my leo and it all went through.

I’m hoping mine comes tomorrow or Tuesday. Mine disbursed on Friday because I didn’t have enough credit hours. Fixed it and i got disbursement Friday.

I try to help as much as I can

I didn’t get an email of disbursement like I normally do but online states it has been disbursed  . Did you ?!

That’s different than receiving the email that your refund has been processed and aid has been disbursed

Where do you find that located at in Leo? I haven't received any email yet either.

Refunds should go through when school starts next Tuesday.

On accounts summary you can see if aid has been applied . They just haven’t released any emails stating so

Normally, we get them 7-10 days before the semester starts. That has been my experience the past couple semesters. I understand we are in a pandemic but seems like it is taking them longer than usual..

Thanks!

Ofcourse !!

Any undergrad slp’s here ?? Just feeling super isolated and alone. Classes are kicking my ass and Id just like to meet someone who know what i’m going through and can form a support system for each other. For some context, I’m an undergrad senior slp just trying to make it through the semester. 

Thanks!

What's slp?

Hey! I went to ODU for undergrad (human services) and I’m a grad student now(public administration) I’m a distance learner but we can connect on other social media if you want. I think everyone is using survival skills right now 😕

!!! Hi that’s me

speech language pathology

Where do you guys go to get sti test and stuff? I wanted to get checked up but I’m not from Norfolk and I wanted to know what’s the go to spot for check ups for you guys? Thanks

I don’t know what their policies are right now with walk-ins but the student health center on campus offers a lot of services for students when it comes to getting checked up and stuff. I went to an obgyn at the health center when I wanted to get on BC and they were extremely helpful.

The lgbt life center and planned parenthood do testing as well

First off, glad you're being safe and getting tested!  

Student Health Center is most convenient, and everything there is basically just charged at-cost. All prices are listed on their website. I think all STI stuff comes to a total of roughly $50, but that's just from memory. 

Norfolk City clinics do it for free, but I don't know how long you might have to wait. And honestly, I'd rather avoid going there for risk of Covid exposure, if it were me. 

https://www.norfolk.gov/185/Clinical-Services

Student health center and planned parenthood are both good options. I think for birth control and stuff planned parenthood is cheaper. If you have insurance, check with your provider first to see who they cover.

Make a appointment with the student health center they helped my friend out with this

when i went to go get tested i went to the student health center, i made an appointment to get seen.

Definitely no walk-ins. Call them ahead of time for an appointment for anything.

AAC adds Old Dominion as an affiliate member for Women’s Lacrosse

ODU postpones spring commencement to future date; offers 'flexible options' for graduates

What’s up with the ambulance parked on the sidewalk between BAL and ED2? There’s two men in a boat paddling around the pond with a shovel.

Was laughing at the fact that they were in such a small boat within a small pond

Pirates?

Who is the best athlete to ever come from Old Dominion University?

Justin Verlander

Definitely Justin Verlander, next most succesful after him is probably Kent Bazemore.

Brandon Vera is a heavywieght champion MMA fighter in ONE fc over in singapore. He is an ODU alumni but that obviously wasn't apart of the university athletic department

Justin Verlander and Nancy Lieberman

Gonna be me in a few years

Mathletes count? Pun intended

Kent Fucking Bazemore?! Lmao Nancy Lieberman chuckles at your stupidity u fucking dweeb

ODU WR Zach Pascal signs with Washington Redskins

Shoutout to /r/olddominionfootball. Great to see him get a chance. Contract is reportedly 3-years, unknown value, non-guaranteed.

Waste of good talent

ODU to The District: It's over. The complex – once hailed as an innovative, private-investment fix for ODU’s housing crunch – was scratched from the school’s off-campus referral list this fall.

Lived there for two years. Management was awful, but had the best two years of my college career here. Miss it very much!

It would be great if odu could buy the property a la The Inn

I have not once felt unsafe there. And I have not had one single issue with management. I hear all these complaints about it "oh the fire drill is at an inconvenient time." That's for our safety. The place is sweet. I have my own room and bathroom. I can hit the gym at any time I ever feel like it. I can watch TV whenever I feel like it. I really don't understand all the hate. Yeah one senior guy got his apartment broken into. Shit like that happens everywhere around campus. As well as every campus around the country.

It's ultra expensive and the terms of the agreement are...odd. They also have high pressure sales tactics to get you to sign the day you visit.

 I went to look at a room and I felt like I was getting scammed. Even if it was a good area I wouldn't want to live there.

Pretlow Planetarium "Summer Sky" series starts tonight! Free show & observing every Wednesday night

I was able to visit yesterday. All I can say is that I loved the campus and the environment around it. The campus layout confused me some, but I'm sure I will get use to it. The only real down size that I saw was the weather! Snowing at the beach, what is this madness?! I can now say that I'm 99% certain that I'll be a Monarch next year.

It's still Virginia, we go from 100 degree summers to 15ish degree winters. It's a great school and there are a lot of good people. Watch out for the sketchy outer areas though.

Yeah that happens like 4 times a year here. Where are you from?

Just visited today! Loved it as well, im actually accepting right now.

I'm from VA as well. We almost never see or get any snow though.

What major are you going into?

Ohhhhh. Ok that makes sense.

Either mechanical engineering or international business. I haven't decided quite yet.

"Official" ODU Meet-up? Sooooooo....there was talk previously about a meet-up for ODU redditors and it doesn't really seem like it's happened. Would anyone like to go with Reddit's College Meet-up on September 15th? We'd just need to bounce ideas off one another on where to meet-up and whatnot.

I planned the official one @ Del Veccios, but we can switch that up depending on what people want.. http://redditgifts.com/meetups/odu-meetup/

Reddit meet-ups seem to bring out the kind of people I'd rather not know in real life. But if we do it somewhere at the Webb I could always swing by.

I was wondering why it had not happened yet. I'm down for whatever.

There was talk of meeting at Del Veccios for that, but I don't really know how far into the planning stages we got. With that back on the table, any suggestions/ideas/complements/threats?

As a freshman here I am interested. Not really sure where Del Veccios is but I'm willing to go where ever

Edit: I live on the quad if your giving instructions.

[removed]

Any ideas on a meetup for us non-ents?

Would anyone like to meet in the lions den before the actual meet-up maybe around 6- 6:30?

This. 

And if any of us want to continue hanging out and are "of age" we can go out for drinks or whatever at Mojo Bones, etc.

[deleted]

Completely forgot about about this......

what kind have you been to?!

I've been to a few with 21+ ish people and they've been great and I've meet awesome people.

Protip: From 2 - 5 pm dollar slices at Del vecs. It is a great way to break to monotony of eating in web or Rodgers for every meal.

Its just across Hampton from Kauffman Mall, by the 7-11 and the Dominion Bookstore.

Go towards Hampton Blvd. Find the 7-11 and Dominion Bookstore...it's right there :)

I think we're talking about the restaurant part - at least, that's what I was thinking.

I think that's what the Del Vecs meetup is for... I think the ents are planning there own toke-up.

Kevin, maybe you should stop playing Magic and plan your very own meet-up.

Im debating about going but I'm only 19 :( it would be awesome if we could all toke somewhere though :D I could bring my MFLB....

I'm all about getting drinks from pretty much anywhere.

Oh snap, I didn't realize it was during the football game! We should definitely change that.

From the pics I've seen at least. Just a guess.

Mmmm that was the fuel to keep my study group alive!

Ahh, I guess I missed the actual date planned for this. Thanks!

I am only slightly creeped out

Hey MFLB brother! Let's have a meet up in the trees.

Count me in for the drinks and pizza.

That seems incredibly short-sighted and judgmental of you.

I'm not too good at climbing trees but I'm all for a toke session! I haven't found an ENT at ODU until now! Hold on I'm gona PM you.

Oh, Patrick, don't you know? Using your Midas for a reddit username is a terrible idea...  People can find you.

Yeah, when I see a group of strange guys standing around without shirts and doing weird shit, I just rreeeaaalllyyy feel the urge to join.

[deleted]

I'm in the same boat as you. If you need anyone else to toke with, hit me up. I've been dry since I got here.

Something something book by its cover? Some of my best friends in life have been people I never expected I'd enjoy or "wanted" to hang out with. Part of college is opening your mind and self up to new experiences. Talking to "strange guys" doing "weird shit" might be how you find your next favorite hobby.

Lol yay another ODU ENT! I wish I had bud now :(

Thats whats up. I actually met up with another fellow ENT redditor today and he introduced me to his source and he sold to me. Some I'm good for a little bit.

I've also heard descriptions from people and it sounds more like a 4chan meetup than reddit.

We, ents, are everywhere. There are three of us in this apartment at the moment

Awesome. I left all of my pieces at home since I wasn't sure how my roommate would feel about the whole thing. I left my MFLB at home and everything. If you're not doing anything this weekend, I'd love to get together and toke. I can pitch in for some green too if you'd like.

Don't be like this. You know what they say about assuming - it makes an "ass" of "u" and "me".

Which apartment? I would love to come by and toke sometime.

Normally I would say yes but my brothers birthday is this weekend and I'm busy as shit with a party and what not. If you interested in toking though message jellothere he is my frient now.

Heeeeyyyyyyyy. You need friends. Message me. :)

Well, I'll swing by. Is it the 15th or 25th?

Nice try President Broderick. Hahah but Im sure youll see us around campus, I met a couple of other Ents by solely looking at them and saying fuck it and walked up to them and just asked if they were Ents, if they were like WTF I would be like oh sorry thought this was the meeting spot for "Insert new club here". I rock [this /r/trees shirt](http://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0109/1162/products/PREV_HP_1024x1024.gif?2921) sometimes so if you see me, just come say whats up

Yes, I do! Hello.

Anyone graduating this spring? I’m honestly more nervous than excited. I wish ODU did grad rehearsals 😭 Also when do we get tickets?? I feel like that flyer email they sent out was just not enough information and I hate feeling unprepared.

Hi! Professor here:

First, CONGRATULATIONS! You’re approaching the finish line!

Second, faculty marshals will instruct you on what to do at graduation, but you should receive an email from Administration in the next two weeks with general instructions for graduation participants.

Third, BREATHE! You’re almost there, and you will be fine!😃

I actually graduate in August but they’re letting me walk in the spring ceremony. I’m also very nervous haha

Anyone get their tickets yet in email said would get a link today

Thank you!!! I’m just confused on the whole process. So there’s the main ceremony where you turn your tassle, and then you leave to go to your college/school breakout ceremony (another building?) and that’s where you actually cross the stage? Correct me if I’m wrong please!! I thought it would all be in one building. That’s the part I’m most nervous about bc I’m not entirely sure what building I’m suppose to go to for mine.

Ditto on the advice the professor gave. My username checks out. ODU alum here.

Nothing to worry about indeed. The university has you covered. Regularly check your student email.

The only thing you have to really worry about is what you're gonna wear under your cap and gown. Dress nicely, but don't go overboard. It was humid when I graduated. So, I was sweating heavily once we got outside after the ceremony for pics with family. 

Congratulations!!!!

same! :)

Right! I’ve been refreshing my email all day and haven’t gotten anything

same, i've been checking today and was worried i somehow didn't receive the link

Did anyone get link for tickets ?

I believe that’s so (even though I was there for the undergrad ceremony-it was too hot to concentrate!🤣) They do the “main program” with the speaker, then yes, they added the “breakout ceremonies” where smaller schools/departments will go elsewhere. If they are planning on doing those again, they will remind each school several times of where their “breakout ceremonies” will be held. (Plus, the marshals will know and will guide the group.)

I did not, a few of my classmates said they also didn’t get a link

Rogers east water fountain i am making a report

Yea thanks for reporting that

Questions about ODU Hello! I'm currently looking into transferring universities, because my health and experiences with my last university weren't doing so well for me. I have a few questions that I hope can be answered!



1. I am disabled, is ODU able to provide accommodations for that? In particular I really need a quite space for myself, and I'm worried because my last roommate wasn't the most cooperative about this when I talked to them about it. I may also need extra time on tests.



2. How are taking classes? Are there a lot of online textbooks or other materials that I need to purchase? 



3. How is dining? Are there a lot of options?  


I'm sorry if these questions may be answered online, but I like hearing from people directly. I'll still do my own research of course, but I think this is a good starting point for me. Thank you!

Personally, if you’re physically disabled, I’d look somewhere else. I have cerebral palsy, and even with my accommodations (first floor room, no roommate, transportation to and from classes), actually getting around on campus was so bad that I had to switch to online classes. Getting to and from the dining hall/webb center was a disaster. Classes are great so far, and even when I was on campus, I enjoyed them.

Reach out to the ODU Office of Educational Accessibility. They will give you the most accurate information for your specific case ([oea@odu.edu](mailto:oea@odu.edu) or 757-683-4655). They will probably have you talk with a woman named Lolen. She is great and will do her best to answer every question you have.

Campus is flat, but large. Rain can cause mud and puddle issues.

Testing centers are available for reduced noise, extra time, etc.

Housing accommodations are not something I have any insight into.

Good luck with your decision.

Being so fr, this campus is like one of the least accessible I've ever seen. I even took a class on campus about it - they frequently have broken automatic doors, ramps are a bit of a nightmare, and I've even seen them completely block accessible entrances to buildings. I love this school down but accessibility is one of their worst features imo - I would recommend taking a tour yourself though if that's an option. I am not majorly disabled, but I've noticed enough

Hi! 
I am not disabled, however I frequently work with populations that are and have a tendency to evaluate the potential difficulties. 

1. ODU is decent about time accommodations for tests. You may run into issues with departments like Chemistry and Biology due to practical exams. As long as a letter is provided from OEA (which someone posted an email to), professors must accommodate for increased allowed time. However, if you are chronically ill and abruptly unable to test, I have run into numerous issues with attempting to reschedule on other days. This is also coming from a military student perspective, as I have historically run into needing a different test date, and it was like pulling teeth and nails with some professors. I wouldn’t particularly know about on campus residential situations.

2. ODU is starting what’s called “First Day Access”. I’m primarily an online student who takes some classes in person (pre-med sciences). Depending on your major, a lot of these books may be made available to you without purchase. I usually anticipate about ~300/semester on books. Quite honestly, some professors don’t even truly require a textbook or you don’t really need it. 

My primary concern for you would be accessibility and transportation. Accessibility across campus is pretty unequal. Some of the newer buildings (like the new chemistry building) can be decent accessible in terms of getting in, in classes, or the elevators. A lot of the newer buildings do actually have accessibility that works, but the same cannot be said across the board. If you are wheelchair confined, it will likely be a struggle for you because the terrain is uneven. You are also super cooked if there is inclement weather because most of the walk ways are not covered. 
ODU also runs some bus routes, however it seems fairly sparse, like most American public transport. ODU is decent about grounds keeping, but the campus is wide spread. There is also a major road running through the middle of it. If you are at all concerned about physical limitations, the general sprawl and streets might become a difficulty for you. 
If you frequently need to be picked up or call 911 for acute episodes of your condition, that may also be a problem. I’ve needed 911 called for me on campus before, and it is a hot mess to get the ambulance there. It takes them forever because ODU campus police also needs to be called to escort them to right place. Do not be fooled by the fact there’s a fire station practically on campus. 
Transportation is also wild. The parking is extremely limited during peak class hours, and residential parking has a tendency to be on perimeter lots. It costs a ton if you are a commuter. It is usually about 150/semester for commuter parking. 

3. Dining is ok if you don’t have GI issues and can provide healthy options, but it is primarily fast or quick food. If you have substantial allergies or a restrictive diet, it’s going to be a struggle. Even the places that are not in the ODU “dining hall” or nearby are not particularly ideal for someone with a restrictive diet. The nearest grocery store is definitely a hop and skip away because of how traffic can get around ODU from the nearby port. There are a lot of options, but there are not exactly a lot of options for diet restrict individuals. 

Pros for chronically ill:
-ODU does have an onsite clinic and provides rec Center access for students. They have decent programs if your condition is manageable from a basic level of monitoring. 
-They are also quite close to Sentara Norfolk General, which is capable of providing a LOT of specialty care/services if you are intending to switch providers for a specialty due to distance.  

Not previously listed downsides:
-I have had previous classmates that have openly shared their frustrations with the OEA for various reasons. 
-Professors can be difficult to deal with for honoring accommodations. They will if you provide them with documentation, however it still seems like many give backlash. I have personally experienced this, and so have my peers who may need more accommodations beyond extended time. 
-Depending on your major, it can pretty cut throat for absolutely no reason. I’ve noticed a lot of gen ed course have the same mentality of “we’re teaching you responsibility!” when it comes to assignment deadlines and attendance. The chemistry department labs so far seem to be notoriously the worst for this. 
-More often than not, there is only 10 minutes to get to your next class. If you do start here, make sure you’re paying attention to physical location of classes if they don’t have much time separation. This has bit several of my classmates in the butt before. 

I will openly acknowledge there are problems at ODU, but they are also known for their high acceptable rate and some good programs. I would consider a decent option if you are geographically restricted or have a low application GPA, but I would bear in mind you may need support from your doctor and will likely still face some struggles here. Feel free to take any of this with a grain of salt since a lot of it is anecdotal. 

I wish you the best of luck and hope this helped!

If you want a single talk to the accommodations pffice early - usually they can get it done. They work with you

Doing a tour is an excellent recommnedation.

How was your first day Hello,

Im looking to apply to ODU Grad school as a working adult. How was your first day on campus? What did you guys do? What did you wear? How did you feel?

Hello!
Professor here, 2X grad student (PhD, MPA) who worked the whole time:

Show up on time to everything (including orientation-if there is one), wear what you want, stay on top of your assignments, ask questions, schedule rest/free time for yourself, and most importantly…

“Don’t fall victim to ‘Impostor Syndrome.” You are just as smart and capable as anybody else sitting in that room.

Hope this helps!

My daughter is a commuter student, and I drop her off/pick her up. 

I have seen students of all ages. I even know someone who is in their 60s. 

Most people dress relaxed, casual, comfortable. I see so many sweatpants! Wear what makes you confident, whatever that is. 

Get there early on your first day. You will want extra time to find your class, vending machines, bathrooms. 

If it's a morning class expect people to be less chatty at first. Morning people are rare. 

Best of luck and I'm proud of you!

This is excellent advice.

Teasing with all these emails I swear the worst part about wondering when your getting the refund is the 3-5 emails you get during the week just adding the anticipation.😭😭

I just got my refund email

Got the refund email too

Same but still got to wait

you should get your refund before you even wake up in the morning

Can't wait

Anybody want to join this zero out update thread? Sue me, it’s kinda fun watching and waiting with a group!

I was about to make the same thread 😂

It made it go by faster 😂 somebody said they usually do it same day

Still negative as well.

6:40 and no zero out, guess we waiting until tomorrow!

Sooo I just called financial aid from *67 and it said that the number I dialed has been changed or disconnected 🤦🏽‍♂️

Hello all. Been playing this game since 2022, never once received a Zero-Out in the AM. It will always happen between 4:30-7:30pm. Spring does tend to go quicker than Fall, so I’m hoping for zeroes today as it’ll have been 2 days since most of us showed negative by tonight. Never take anything as gospel, I’m just relating my experience. Good luck this semester!

Still negative

Im just glad im being processed on time. Cause last semester I got it way to late. Had to go in person for them to say that they forgot to hit the ok button for me.

Still showing a balance, not negative as of  yet. Anyone else?

I still have a balance and the phone line is ringing busy 🤦🏽‍♂️ this is crazy asf

It might just process later in the day, mine have both in the past been around 5-5:30, and they will send you an email as soon as your refund is processed so you don’t need to keep checking your portal.

My last two refunds had been processed around 5:10-5:30 so hoping I see the email soon

negative still

I’m still negative as well

Still have a balance lol

I just became negative today 🙃 so I guess I won’t see my funds until Thursday

In the negatives still. Hoping I will see some movement tomorrow once the system cycles overnight

7:12am, still negative!

I’m not even in the negative yet this is terrible 😔

Still negative 01/14 at 9:22 am ☹️

Officially zero’d out! No disbursement email however, anyone else?

Still negative! Waiting until 5:30pm to check again

I’m praying this is different but fall it was same timeframe I went negative and aid applied 8/13 refund didn’t hit my bank until 8/22…. If I use that same  timeframe refund would happen until 1/22. Being that I went negative today

Still in the negative here.

negative still

Mine is still negative as well. It became negative some time during the 13th. About when will it zero out

Who’s zeroed out yet?

Anyone know when you receive the email about your aid being disbursed? Is it before or after getting zero’d out? I’m currently negative but haven’t received an email yet.

5:40pm,no zero out…what’s going on guys

Idk if this is happening to anyone else but my negative balance just changed again and I don’t know why lol

Just got my email!!! And zeroed out🤗

Just got my refund processed email so hope to see my funds in bank any day now 🙌🏼

5.29pm  
Still negative. Usually gets zeroed out the same day.

Not them ghosting us!

But calling them and showing up isn’t helping too much

I think tonight would be the move tbh

Mine have zeroed out around 3pm before.

Mine zeroed out in the morning last spring (first and only time it’s ever happened for me). Fingers crossed that things zero out by tonight though

Was that not supposed to happen yesterday?

In more ways than one 😅

Same

Imagine some people not on Reddit zeroed out

That sucks! Maybe you can call today

You’ve given us hope🙏🏾

I didn’t even get an email when last semester’s refund hit🤣 shit was just like, “Surprise, bitch!”

EDIT: MINE JUST ZEROED OUT TOO, LET’S FUCKING GOOOOOOOO! 😭 My cat’s getting all the good treats this weekend lmao

Still negative at 5:41. I actually went negative around 3:30PM yesterday.

Mine zeroed out around 7:30am this morning. Has that ever happened before?

Summer takes longer because of all the paperwork they have to do. Spring should take faster because everything is already done.

Same here. It took exactly 8 days to zero out for me and an extra day, so 9 in total, to get in my bank account.
So I’m feeling like the same will be said for this.

You have about 24-36 hours then you should receive your refund

People will probably start zeroing out within the next few hours (like 7:30/8ish)

What is the easiest class you have ever taken here? We have all had gen eds that were either boring but required some work, or that were warder than it needed to be. But what class was so easy, you could almost pass it with zero effort?

Film class lol 😂 it was a requirement in the political science department and it was fun. All I had to do was watch a movie and what I thought about it

I think it was called public speaking. Like ffs it's literally fake it until you make it. Just act confident giving a speech about making a fucking sunny side up egg.

art history. i hope the professor for that is having a good day fr

To answer your question, I really liked the intro art classes that are offered (not art history though). You get to explore different art mediums and it’s really fun. Intro to photography was fun with Crystal. I got a 98% in most of the art classes (foundational concepts was my favorite). As someone also mentioned, I’ve heard women’s & gender studies is also really eye opening but objectively on the easier side.

Public speaking, theatre appreciation, and film appreciation. Literally the easiest shit of my life. The public speaking was literally just present something and pretty to sound confident and the appreciation courses were just “go watch this play/movie” and write a report on it.

Accounting 201

Public speaking for sure. Such a easy A

While the course name sounds daunting, Intro to Quantum Computing (PHYS 137T) was genuinely a fairly easy class. The course content was very interesting and the professor is always trying to make the course content more digestible for students. It also fills the impact of technology requirement! I believe I ended that class with a 104%.

Video games and Technology. It was a 300 level class and we played Halo and Guitar hero then talked about it.

Definitely intro to women’s & gender studies. It’s kind of like an English class but I didn’t do most of the assignments and still passed with an A. It’s more of a discussion class so participation is expected.

[deleted]

Yoga, all you do is show up don’t even have to do the moves. You can lay on the mat and take a nap and it’s considered yoga

Sign language.  Prof literally emailed the class the answer sheet to the final exam a day before we had to take it lol

Ballroom dancing.

public speaking, intro to oceanography & earth science

Geography of US and Canada

Did you take it with Wilhide as professor? Bald guy, glasses, red beard

In my final speech (a video) i quoted https://youtu.be/PvX3tGBccTc?si=0kMsniaAAm8o0P3l as my "solution" to the at the time relevent isreal palestine conflict. I got a 95%

I second this! I LOVED my Honors public speaking class with Kristi Watts. I made a lot of friendships that are really genuine. It was a decent amount of work considering it was honors, but genuinely one of my favorite classes because of the community we built!!

And if you can believe it, voice and diction is public speaking, but easier!

Fr though. I took this class first semester, and bless my professor he was so chill. Even those of us that were super anxious, he was sweet and gave us (kind) constructive criticism

Intro to engineering is not hard at all. That and the 8nfo literacy class (engineering dept) both have no business having the turnover rate they do.

What department has an "impact of technology" requirment?

I picked the wrong major for sure

I heard someone on a different post of mine say that math 103 was really hard. They also listed math200 so i guess the stereotype was true for them

I took Technology and your world (STEM 110T)  with Professor Euefueno, and it was probably the easiest class I’ve ever had. I forgot I had taken that class before you mentioned the engineering classes. I go a 100% in the class because he understood most of us (if not all of us) are NOT engineering majors, and so he made it as fair as possible.

Refunds I just wanted to make another thread since there's like 90 of them already. No additional info to add

I’m so frustrated. I’ve had my body wash turned upside down for 3 days 😭😭😭 I need my money!!!!

are we all desperately waiting here? coz im getting annoyed i havent gotten mine.. god forbid we all need textbooks and stuff 🤣

I’m getting annoyed 😂😂😂

😂 still haven’t gotten mine either

mind yall i just landed in amsterdam 😭 thinking my check gon be here and hefty. a time still gon be had but wthelly

💔💔

Yes lol 😂 because I gave my 2 week notice 3 weeks ago just for my job to tell me to leave 3 days after putting it in lol 😂 and my phone bill need paid and I exhausted my savings paying more important bills and I need to be outside Norfolk for this job lol 😂 yes I’m hella desperate it’s life or death for me rn

Yep, because I need to pay my power bill it’s already overdue and if I don’t pay it in the next 30 days I’ll probably be disconnected. Lol

I’m jealous asf😂

I’ll see you there!!!

omg you here ??? text me on ig @daiiszn

I’ll be there 25-27 with my partner! ✈️

ESPN’s Jay Harris, a Norfolk native and ODU grad, will step away from network after cancer diagnosis

We've been making waves at the lab! I'm grateful to have the opportunity to help with this project. Check out this news report!

Wow! Love this!

Diploma I know they said 4-6 weeks but it’s annoying to complete 4 years & nothing to show for it. Where is my diploma !!!?!??!?!??!
 Dec.2024 graduate

& let’s not talk about whatever they handed us walking across the stage !! Like thank you for a cardboard photo frame for an $80 picture

I feel this lol. I’m checking the mail basically 24/7 looking for my diploma 😭

Took me about eight weeks. Turned out a professor forgot to submit a final grade.

I graduated in may and got my diploma in early July so like roughly 2 months

Same

I would say about 2 months tbh. Yes it sucks but it matters more that you’re actually graduated. When companies do background checks on you, grad status shows on that background. The piece of paper isnt all that important except to hang in a room and forget it (or flex it if you’re like me) 

Give it time. You’ll get it. They got a lot of paper work to do to ensure you actually passed and things such as going all the way up to the state and federal level have to change as a result (that way fafsa doesn’t give you more money, for example, because you’re graduated)

You'll probably get it sometime in February

A staff of a few people have to manually review every graduation candidate’s record for completion, which is why it takes so long. This is the norm for most schools. Check your unofficial transcript to see if it says degree awarded. That is the proof of graduation. The diploma is a nice souvenir of your accomplishment, but what you really want is the transcript that says degree awarded. That comes before you receive the diploma so check to see if that’s there yet.

Leo online says it should take about 8 weeks from the end of the semester. This week will make 7, so hopefully they show up this week or next week. My degree was awarded on January 7th. I'm with you, though. I check my mailbox everyday looking for it haha. What's your degree?

Agreed!

Selling Hist 356 (VA History) Physical Textbook for Prof. M. Whitlock $75. Meet on Campus. I bought this textbook last semester (Fall 2024) as an act of appreciation to a former professor of mine who I had enjoyed previously and was taking again, considering he edited it. I read it, I got my A, and I’d like to pass this book on to someone who could use a deal and appreciates history. I just don’t see it going into my collection. 

I bought the book for maybe $110 after tax, I believe just the E-Book alone was $70-80, influencing the purchase of the physical copy more. I’d be willing to sell my copy for $75, as it is still in excellent condition (posting pic).

If interested, I’d prefer to meet at the ODU bookstore or another Campus-specific location. 

Again, my ask is $75.

Thank you!

Haha I remember this class. Took it during the summer. Wasn't a bad class during the summer

Financial Aid Disbursement  Aid was distributed today and my Pell Grant wasn’t applied. Only my Commonwealth Grant and Federal loans were applied to my balance. What happened to my Pell Grant? If anyone has info or if this also happened to them I’d appreciate any help!

I feel like the Pell Grant always takes longer to process. Hopefully soon though.

I have gotten the commonwealth grant but not the Pell grant. I'm guessing they just haven't been sent out yet.

Do you mean your loans were deposited to your account? I'm still waiting on the subsidized and unsubsidized loans plus the Pell Grant...

Wait yall got disputed mines didn’t do I have to acccpet or decline the loans for the student aid to go through

My Pell just disbursed an hour ago

My federal loans haven’t disbursed yet and only a portion of my Pell did. I’m so confused.

For me, some of my Pell Grants already got refunded to me a few weeks ago for some reason, and the rest of mine has already been distributed to my financial aid. It was confusing cause I never received a refund so early before, but now I have to wait for my next round of refund after they finish distributing financial aid.

Phew okay. The way I was panicking lol. Can’t afford SHIT unless I also get the Pell Grant 😂

The loans and commonwealth grant were applied to my tuition balance but not the Pell grant

You have to accept loans and fill out the promissory notes

Only a portion of mine did.

My federal loans also have not disbursed

I also want to say that on the financial aid portal the Pell grant money is still under "Expected Amount" instead of "paid to date" when looking at the payment schedule. So, I think for now it's just best to wait and see if anything changes.

[deleted]

I got Commonwealth at my last school, but it didn't show up on my file. Do you know why this might be? I low-key feel like I got shorted.

Spring Refund Zero'ed Hello all!  
I've been lurking the subreddit and making a few comments on the status of the Spring refunds. Wanted to let everyone know that it seems it IS indeed being processed. I just checked mine and the amount was zero'ed out.

Mine too!! I could CRY!

Just got the official email

This is the best news I've heard all week, thank you so much for creating this thread and letting us know!

Thank you from creating this thread! All of mine came through almost immediately after reading it 😅 Hopefully the struggle is almost over 🤞🏻

Mine as well! Let’s see how long until the email goes out and refunds hit.

Mine is zero’ed out too!

My balanced is zero too!

I'm happy mine is zeroed out also, I am confused because every other semester the detail code for electronic refund was EALL - Refund - Electronic ACH, but this semester it's RALL - Refund Credit Balance. I wonder what's going on and when we will actually see the money deposited?

FINALLY

Mine had the proper balance, registered for 1 more class and it was zeroed out. I’m assuming it was an error or something but thank god it’s not just me

Now I’m worried. My balanced zeroed out but I haven’t received an email and it still says “REFUND CREDIT BALANCE”. This was my first year doing erefund and I’m hoping it will process and not be a paper check.

So I just talked to financial aid and even though I have e-refund set up, she said a paper check has been mailed. Is there any hope they will get it fixed to be a e-refund or am I screwed?

Yes i was sooo happy, because it came right on time too. 🙏🏽

Just got the email!

Same!

Same!

Hoping I get one soon 🙏🏻🙏🏻

I also just checked mine and it says 0 as well

just got the email!

End of the week I hope. My bank is a bit odd, once something is sent it's released to me.

Mine too! There’s hope!

I think the RALL code will change to EALL once the direct deposit has been processed and there is a reference number attached to it.

Maybe it is in waves? I got my refund this morning.

I have USAA and whenever I get a refund email I get the refund the next day.

Did you get an email?

I have the same bank :)

I did yesterday

Failed 3/5 classes I failed 3/5 classes and there is was no excuse for me to do so. Too afraid to do anything as I feel like I'll just dig myself a deeper hole if I mess something up.

Edit: Forgot to mention, I am a freshman.

The faster you fail, the faster you can analyze what went wrong, and the faster you can recover and adjust your strategy to avoid making the same mistakes.

That said, "too afraid to do anything" sounds like you might benefit from a chat with a counselor to help air out your anxieties.

[deleted]

I did the same thing my first semester..pick yourself up dust off your knees and keep going. Your future self will thank u-i graduate next May

I did this for my whole freshman year. Then I took a few semesters off to regroup. When I went back, I was straight A's and finished undergrad as Summa Cum Laude. Give yourself some time and make a new plan. You can do this.

Don’t beat yourself up too much. We all take Ls at some point. Just try to figure out what you were lacking in in this semester and try to see what works better for you next semester. Good luck! 🫶

Hey, buddy. Don’t beat yourself up. My first semester in college, I failed a bunch of classes. I was out on academic probation and was threatened with expulsion. I didn’t do great as an undergraduate at all but I eventually graduated. I started my MA at ODU as a non-degree seeking student. I finished my MA with a 3.9, I believe. I also earned a PhD from a good school. For me, it was finding what I was interested in pursuing. The reason I did so poorly as an undergraduate because I drank too much, I was immature, but mostly because I didn’t give two shits about freshman composition. You can pull it out. It’ll be difficult but, I’m telling you, if I can do it, you can, too.

I'm a little late to the party, but...

I was 32 when I chose to go back to school. Two weeks after my daughter was born, I chose to return to school and get my degree. She was a month old when classes started.

Two and a half years later, my son was born. I was basically at the halfway point of my degree.

At 37, I graduated (last December) with my degree from ODU with a 3.9 GPA. In between, I balanced a military and civilian career, and learning to become a parent of two (and that's fucking hard).

You're not the first person to fail classes and won't be the last. I literally got kicked out of community college bc I did so poorly the first time around. 

If I can manage it, you can manage it. Maybe 5 classes was too much. Maybe you didn't organize properly. Maybe you didn't prioritize your education over other options. Whatever it is, take the L, learn from it, and do better next semester. Do Not beat yourself up over it.

Learning to withdraw before the withdrawal deadline is a big skill to gain. Also it’s not that big of a deal, you can just retake the classes for better grade if you decide to actually try in the future.

In the future recognize the time to withdraw. Right now you can meet with your advisors and set up grade forgiveness for the class.

Many people fail a lot there freshman year. Like all the great posters before me say, just keep it going and learn  from this. Also learn when to withdraw because there is grade forgiveness points too but limited. Fail to plan is a plan to fail. But you got this fam!

i failed a class my freshman year and i just picked myself up and kept going. i had to admit defeat this semester too and withdrawal from all my classes cause life got crazy. its okay to mess up, college is the time to mess up

Look, Spring of 2020 was my second semester at ODU, My daughter was born in Jan then the world shuts down because of covid. Out of 4 classes I failed (F’s) 3 of them and 1 D. Imagine being a new father (first child) waking up every 2-3 hrs at night the world was collapsing, my job was uncertain if we were closing or staying open and then have school to work on.  Straight Failed that semester, I was in your shoes. What I can is what happened happened feeling like shit about it won’t  change the past, enjoy the holidays and time with your family. Don’t dwell on what you can’t change, take a break relax get yourself together and get your head in the game for spring.  Before the semester starts assess what happened look at your mistakes and work on changing it. 


- Take 3 classes instead of 4  or 2 instead of 3. Pass those classes and then repeat. You’ll see once you get the momentum going of taking and passing it’ll become easier to keep it going. 

- I was so embarrassed I failed everything that I dreaded talking to my advisor. So trust me I’ve been there


If you’d like to talk you can DM me.

It happens. Just try to spend more time studying and less time having a healthy social life and choose classes and professors and work load wisely maybe just take 4 classes next time

It's not that big of a deal

We all fuck up when we’re young. I failed a class super hard my freshman year and had to withdraw from a couple my sophomore year. Now I’m going into my senior year with a 3.8 GPA. Just learn from your mistakes and don’t give up! 

Reevaluate yourself and see where you went wrong and try to correct those mistakes. Ask yourself were these Gen Ed’s or classes that align with your major? Is your major a good fit for you? Would you do better with online classes? Etc. 

But also knowing when to quit is important as well so keep up with withdrawals dates from now on. They don’t calculate into your GPA like Fs will.

Just for a little perspective, I failed out of Radford with less than a 1.0 GPA. I went back to community college and took classes and got my associates and transferred to ODU and majored in electrical engineering. I graduated with a 3.3 GPA. I’m not special either. You just need to find something that drives you. My major at Radford was chemistry which I didn’t care for, but I fell in love with EE and did great. You can do it, just find that driving force. Don’t give up and don’t let extracurricular like frats and parties take precedent over your studies.

The past 3 or 4 years withdraw deadline was the last day of classes. This year the deadline was November 17th. Some people missed the memo.

This is passing the point of r/mildlyinfuriating now.

Accepted into cyber operations I was recently accepted into cyber operations what can I expect? I don’t see a lot of post on this specific degree.

Fire Drills During the fire drills are they able to go through your personal property, like storage bins? Just tryna figure out what I have to look out for

No, they will never go through your belongings under any circumstance. The only time you can get into trouble would be if something is plainly visible without having to open anything. While I don’t condone any reckless behavior, it is safe to say their policy is out of sight, out of mind.

I was always told that if they own it, they can open it. So like the desk drawer on the university supplied desks they could open. But they can't go through your personal mini fridge or storage bins. Either way, it's best to just keep contraband out of the dorms.

Absolutely, technically under state law, you're a tenant and have the same rights as anyone who rents so they can't and shouldn't touch your belongings.

>>>this

Anyone that's cool and comes out at night? I could always use more friends does anyone skate board or walk around and night? I'm actually sitting on a random ass bench on campus rn and have nothing better to do than meet people

Go to whitehurst beach, everyone is there, especially at night. Half the time you don’t even have to walk up to someone, they’ll come to you

How dangerous is Norfolk? Hi, I’m generally new to the area. I live in Nova but rarely go down to southern va. I always hear Norfolk being really ghetto and just want to know where the good and bad I places are for college students.

It's like most cities, there's parts you're fine going to at night, there's parts you maybe shouldn't. If you're considering ODU, you're generally safe around campus. The common advice is that the further up in the 40's your street is, the safer you are, and that's largely pretty true. It doesn't really become an issue until you hit the 20's. 

It's really like most places, just exercise caution and be aware of your surroundings and you shouldn't have an issue. I worked evenings and walked through Norfolk to get home, about an hour's walk from around 11 to midnight, and only once in about a year of doing that did I ever really worry, and that was just when a guy came up to me and aggressively asked where I was going, and when I ignored him he left me alone. 

Ghent is fairly safe, and the immediate area surrounding ODU is fairly safe. If you're in Norfolk and going to ODU, those two areas are likely where you'll be spending most of your time.

odu student here- 

campus is great and the area around it is decent.  The actual city of Norfolk is amazingly clean and good looking. There are parts of it though that you should not wander around in especially at night.

I was there 2010-14.  People who visited said it was loads better than it was ten years before.  I visited this year and thought it had cleaned up even more.  I'm from NOVA as well, and honestly it was a good life experience. It's no more or less safe than other city schools in gentrifying areas like VCU.  You gain some perspective and street smarts.

Just follow the basics.  Stay closer to campus or get to your final destination the later it gets.  Walk with a buddy.  Leave absolutely nothing visible in your car.  Get renters insurance on your electronics.  Lock your doors and windows whether you're home or away. Pay attention to your surroundings and don't walk around looking at your phone. Read the room at house parties, and bail when you can't tell if people are students or not.  

Dunno about now, when I was there the District got burglarized like daily.  Crime victims were more or less in a risky situation not following the rules above.  Some kids did got their Jordans or beats stolen right off their person on 42nd.

I lived on 26th, 49th, the Village, and Maryland Ave in Colonial Place which was the best IMO.  Worst thing that happened to me was getting my car broken into.  Threw ragers all the time, and just kept stern door control.  Best time ever.

On campus premises is generally safe, but don’t wander around like it’s candy land. I LOVE downtown norfolk! It’s so pretty, clean, and there are so many cool places to explore. Ghent is really beautiful too. 

Just don’t go into the neighborhoods beside ODU and you’ll be fine!

don’t go past killam and you’ll be fine. there’s a crime log the odu police keep online you can look at that too. it’s probably easy to find on google

What? Fucking poeple talking out of their asses..... How bad is DC for you? Norfolk is not even as bad as DC when it comes to crimes.

Just make sure your packing and know how to use. You will be fine

It’s so dangerous

Very! Students and Faculty get Shots Fired alerts often at ODU!

This is the best answer.  Grew up in Norfolk, went to ODU, and lived on 38th street while attending.  There are areas that should be avoided at odd hours.  Lambert’s Point (aka west of Hampton from 42nd-railroad tracks) is one of those areas.  That being said, like hadesicarus explained, acting like you have somewhere to be and minding your own business in this area generally means you’ll be left alone.  Drunk kids out late/early morning might garner some unwanted attention.  Don’t be stupid and you’ll be fine.  Norfolk is just like any other city.  It’s a great place to go to school and there is a lot of fun to be had.

My daughter is a freshman there.  The city is tons better than it was 30 years ago when I was there.

In the race to develop coronavirus testing, Virginia universities are stuck on hold

Looking for the guy who 3-D printed the mandolorian helmet. I’m a student from kecoughtan high school who went on a tour of the school. We were told he is working on a titanfall helmet with a hud and I want to see the final project not in irl just like a post or something.

Where did you see it?

I know him, or at least know where its at

It was the room with a lot of 3-D printed things on the shelf

Does he post his creations anywhere?

Any idea what building?

Not too sure, I've just seen it on some snapchats

No sorry

Oof thanks tho

If you could figure that out, even just by looking on google maps and taking a guess, that would narrow it down quite a lot.

If anyone is struggling with addiction, knows anyone that is struggling, or just wants one, a Virginia non-profit offers to ship you a FREE Narcan/ Naloxone opioid overdose reversal kit. BE PREPARED! SAVE A LIFE! We have over 280 reported reversals, so far. In 2016, there were 1,130 opioid-related overdose deaths­­ in Virginia—a rate of 13.5 deaths per 100,000 persons. Together, let's change this!

&#x200B;

We offer FREE OPIOID overdose reversal medication/ supplies/ training. There is no stigma. It will be mailed to you for FREE. We are willing to ship the supplies to anywhere in VIRGINIA. Please, pass this message or the link along to anyone you know that may be struggling or anyone that knows someone that may be struggling with opioid addiction. Anyone who may encounter someone that uses should order one, as well. BE PREPARED. Save a life! <3 We have over 280 reported reversals so far with the Narcan/ naloxone that we have supplied.

&#x200B;

Just fill out the short confidential order request form below:

[https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeeTshqBpUOhd4EEivs783QsEtLfMMulc5BGdkAtsBcgiurQA/viewform](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeeTshqBpUOhd4EEivs783QsEtLfMMulc5BGdkAtsBcgiurQA/viewform)

&#x200B;

Check us out @ [thecaf.org](https://thecaf.org/)

&#x200B;

Thanks! :) <3

TIL that the host of Cash Cab is an ODU alum.

Dept. of Education investigates lack of crime alerts for ODU student attack

The Edge I'm 100% certain the edge's floor is sticky from human semen.

yeah, that place is pretty disgusting

I've Jizzed in there a couple times

I took a shit at the edge

[deleted]

If anyone goes there barefoot, I pray they don't get an odd form of a foot STD.

I remember one time someone took a dump in the ladies room. the DJ announced whoever did it would get free drinks for the night. I claimed I did it, and was not given free drinks. I was bummed. Even though I did not Punish the porcelain, free drinks are free drinks.

I think my Jewish roommate got AIDS from their bathroom.

Never been to the gym before Are there any rules spoken or unspoken that i should know? Like should i bring a towel? Or anything like that.

1.) Don't do curls on the squat rack!

2.) Wipe down benches after you use them! 

3.) Don't drop the weights!

4.) Re-rack your weights!

5.) Use deodorant! 

6.) If someone is waiting for you to finish sets! Don't lollygag! Gym time is business time! 

7.) Be thoughtful of other people carrying weights! If someone is moving with weights in their hands, they are first priority while moving them. 

I am at work and so that's all the time I can take right now, but if I think of anymore later I will add them! And one word of advice from a gym guy to a newcomer…. Stick with it! It doesn't happen over night! It takes months to show real noticeable improvement and years to get "big." Hope this helps! 

Edit: Formatting

where is the gym anyways.

Do students get free access to the gym, or is there a fee?

**> Use deodorant!**

YES YES YES. Why do so many people skip this? I'm fairly tolerant of strange odors and I'm telling you, I've had to quit mid run due to gagging so heavily on human stench.

* If you're going to any group classes, absolutely do not walk into them late. The teachers hate and it and we all hate it; especially in yoga. You also need to arrive about 20 minutes early because they're always popular during the beginning of any semester. Wait until midterms and the gym should thin out a bit for the remainder of the semester. The gym is practically dead in the summer and I love it.

* Do not hover! /u/Weblos_Honor touched upon someone *waiting for you* to finish sets, but do not stalk someone *while you wait* on a piece of equipment. More than likely, there is a second piece of that same equipment on the floor opposite the one you are on. If another machine isn't available, all you have to do is tell them to try to signal to you when they're done with it and then you can back away.

* If you're going to do any body-weight exercise on the blue mats, do not set your mat up in the middle of a walkway. There are groups of females that do this and then just sit there and socialize. It's annoying and rude. That is probably my biggest complaint about that gym. It's massive, but doesn't have any open space to accommodate this type of thing.

That last one may not bother others as much, but I've had this weird ass guy follow me around the gym before asking "are you done?!" every time I got up to wipe down the equipment. After several death glares and attempts at ignoring, I finally told him "wait a fucking minute so I can wipe it down". He left me alone after that. Don't be that guy.

Also, it's crowded, don't let that intimidate you. Try to find a time of day where there aren't crowds just so you can get in and out, but that honestly might be hard to do. Those crowds also mean having trouble finding spray bottles and towels to wipe things down. There are wet wipes attached to the walls. I just grab about 2-3 of those and carry them around with me from station to station while I work out; they hold up pretty well and it's a lot easier than trying to track a bottle down every few minutes.

Final thing, and this may only apply to the female locker room, but there is a 'code of honor' in effect there. Many people leave their belongings in the lockers without a lock. Taking that risk is up to you, but absolutely do not break the code and call someone out on it if you see them doing it. There are also small cube shaped lockers up front under the stairs and by the track upstairs. You can set your own combination on those if you want to lock up more valuable items without having to purchase a combination/key lock.

Ok, thanks.

The Student Rec Center is on the quad.

Students get in for free. When you go in you just go to the turnstiles, put in your ID #, and put your hand on the scanner. If it's your first time I think you have to sign in at the front desk first.

The gym is the best in the summer! Only downside is short hours.

Who is responsible for this!

OP

Zuckerberg is spelled wrong.

Maybe they're signing for all of Reddit? That'd definitely push the protest up a notch or two.

It was probably Mark.

Made me lol, here's an up vote.

happy cake day here is an upvote

ODU meet up since some of us missed the first one, we should have a second meet up.

y'all should just come by my place, we'll get high as shit and talk about the stars..

Idk...

Will there be punch and pie?

most i can offer is web food and Dr. pepper

well... how many of the 235 redditing monarchs are over 21? haha

I'm down with that

I fucking love space

enough

Yes, it sure is a good thing that nobody drinks under 21 at college, that would be awko taco

YES YES YES

I was suggesting that the meet-up should be at a bar. dick

Whoa, chillax, man. I was just saying that most people don't worry about that.

So I literally just typed in "beer pong tables" into google, and this link popped up on the front page:

Whos party can I find this table at?

dude this is my friends pong table, I used to live with them

Blue parties hard.

