To the daughter of the woman I hooked up with last night I met her at TOTS Saturday night and she told me you were a sophomore studying neuro and she said you brought her out to have fun but then abandoned her to talk to “some redheaded beanpole.”

Was really uncool of you to leave your mom alone like that especially since she doesnt even drink. Dunno why you would take her to TOTS in the first place. just wanted to let you know I took care of her and that she’s really sweet and you should be more grateful for her.

gotta be one of the craziest posts i’ve seen on here

Big dog the way you're talking that's gonna be your stepdaughter if you see her mom again.

Ut prosim

Thank you for your service

Saw the exact same post on r/uiuc

Ah, TOTS. Never change.

this is amazing 😭

The bots have gotten specific.

While sober too

Is this going to turn into one of those posts where everyone starts posting as another member of the family, the woman herself, the bartender, the Uber driver and eventually the dog? 

I’d enjoy that.

Slow clap

This is the shit post of shit posts. Did op find a $20 after this!

Respect🫡

Rail and a Rail, best combo in Blacksburg

No Hokie (or their mum) left behind

Should have included a “young lady” in there for max effect

Plot twist:  She didn't go there with her daughter.   She went there hunting for a virile young man.

"I'm sorry Ms. Jackson..."

Lmao saw those moms at tots

Guy just became a step dad.

Sir this is a Wendy’s

Bro what 😭

Ut prosim 🙏

So are you just making these up because you like the praise or because it's a joke? What's the deal?

Copy pasta

who's your daddy?

Sir. Lol

🫡

Milf hunter final boss

This was on the UofI page as well, exact same post

Everyone give him a round of applause

... to the creep who roofied my mom last night...

There are definitely cougars on the prowl around here.

And step kids, this is how I met your mother

How old is the mom ? 5? And this was in Tot Lots?😂

Virginia is for mother-fuckers

This feels like a copypasta

This is weird. Given that I follow a few different  university subs, I've seen this post, almost word for word, reposted.

This is not real

Same post on UIUC sub

Copy/pasted

Copy/pasted

Step dad crazy today

This is the most “I’m a young, dumb, dude” post I’ve seen in a while. Keep this crap off the internet dude.

Daughter didn't realize she was wrong until she walked in on her guy and this guy making love on the living room couch.

Politest way to say I fucked your mom 🤣

Took care of her 😏

Soon to be live in boyfriend.

Stifler’s Mom was really sweet

This was on the UICU Reddit too

VT student arrested for $230,000 drug bust, over 10 pounds of psychoactive drugs found

Four pounds of ibogaine? 20 years ago no one outside of serious drug nerds knew about the properties of ibogaine, a hallucinogenic shrub from Africa that causes a grueling 36 hour 'trip' which has long been alleged to be the magic bullet for curing opiate addiction.

When I was caught up in the oxy thing in 00s I had looked into trying it but the costs were prohibitive.   From what I read about it, the ibogaine experience could be so grueling that unless you were trying for the opiate cure, you wouldn't want to mess with it recreationally.  More extreme and longer lasting than ayahuasca, it's also hepatoxic and can be fatal to persons with a rare gene combination.   AND super expensive.

Everything else he had were your basic party drugs - I notice nothing "hard" - half of it is cannabis related.   But four pounds of ibogaine?   That's a real headscratcher.   Maybe he had imported a big 'ol living plant and they're charging him with whole weight of it, although it's the only the root that's psychoactive - that's typical cop shit.  Here's a reasonable BBC article about ibogaine.  It's a very interesting substance.

https://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-17666589

Bro is quite the entrepreneur

Imagine the capex required for this

Invent the future baby

Bro what's going on in slusher 😭

[deleted]

He was stashing this on campus too in a dorm room. Insane.

Inhale this but do not touch. 

I smell nothing. 

What you do not smell is called ibocaine powder. 

It is odorless, tasteless, dissolves instantly in liquid and is among the more psychoactive drugs known to Virginia Tech students.

Damn, now where am I suppose to get shrooms and mdma , kingpin of Blacksburg taken out. 😂 Jokes aside, if you’re a responsible and knowledgeable user then do whatever floats your boat; stay safe out there!

There was a huge DMT bust while I was a student. Driving for BT my coworker had the Terrace View loop and they got rerouted. decided to walk over (I lived on Kabrich) and the first floor apartment was completely surrounded. Cops blocking the roads.

I could not help but feel it was overkill, even for the bored cops in a town like blacksburg. Their practices are super shady when it comes to drugs. weed wasn't even legal back then though, so tons of people were getting arrested. can't imagine what it must be like now as a student smoking without the paranoia of having blacksburg cops sniffing around  


Edit: I hope Chris(?) over at nice dreamz is benefitting from legality. he was always a super cool dude to people and had surprisingly quality glass for a hole in the wall shop on Main

Hey man, Hokie respect

That math ain’t mathing! Interesting to see Ibogaine on there. I think people will have completely different opinions on these substances in the next century. I definitely could’ve benefitted from psychedelics and less alcohol during my time at VT. Sure as hell shouldn’t get him life in prison IMO.

I'm guessing this is going to dry up the ibogaine scene in town.

it was on campus btw, in payne hall

The PD clearly has no idea the value of drugs and just made that shit up

Not cocaine Not meth Not heroin Not fentanyl

Who cares. Free him on probation

Invent the Future

life in prison? come on

Aw man. Ibogaine, MDMA, and psilocybin... This poor kid was providing medicine. It's so sickening that we still put people in jail for these types of drugs. I know they can be dangerous but goddamn

During the 1972 Democratic race, Hunter Thompson spread a rumor that Ed Muskie was an ibogaine addict. 

https://theplaidzebra.com/hunter-s-thompson-spread-rumor-presidential-candidates-drug-addiction-taken-seriously/

Edit: typo

Damn it, what the fuck am I meant to do now? Ugh what a pain

I mean, our motto is "That I May Serve"! Bro was serving for sure.

At this point legalize it

Wait, *those* are the "terrible, horrible, no-good, very-bad drugs"? Free him.

This is a complete exaggeration. Borderlines on corruption because these cops want it to look like they took all the drugs out of vt. 204k of the 237k was ibogaine in ROOT form.  "raw iboga root sells for about $2,000 a kilogram. Medical-grade pure ibogaine, which is extracted from the root bark, costs as much as $150,000 a kilogram" -The Guardian. He had 2kgs. This is a CLEAR gross misrepresentation. #Freejulius

Claim your role!

Pharmacy major, I like it. Move this guy to the front of the line.

As a UVA student I wonder if I picked the wrong school to party in.

But I’m the one who got waitlisted 😑

GO HOKIES!

Well x3

[https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=WFce8gsRTG0](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=WFce8gsRTG0) this is great episode of Hamiltons Pharmacopeia.

Possible life in prison.  Wtf      Imagine putting a non violent arrest away for life.  Some bullshit

2.08 lbs of psilocybin mushrooms (estimated street value of $1,500 

&#x200B;

what cheap ass street is he on?!

Imagine making it into Vt and then throwing your whole future away

[deleted]

Ut Vey!

Hokie hokie hokie high as balls

sounds like a fungi

ya hate to see it

Where did he live in Bburg?

Free him

It bro goes to jail, he should get no more than a month with probation. Everything over that is too extreme for a dealer

[deleted]

That college had to be built on cursed land.

Bro was aiming to be the new Pablo Escobar. He could’ve used his entrepreneurial skills for good. Is the money really worth years in prison and inability to live a normal life after?

Damn wish I knew buddy for they got his ass I’m tryna quit these oxys if yall know somewhere I can get the treatment done let me know or anything else that may have worked for yall

What an asshole.

Yeah the valuation of that stuff was $204k. The whole haul was valued at $230k. I have never heard of this drug and after description have no urge to ever use it.

Ed Muskie's entire Presidential campaign got jackknifed once someone started a rumor that he had been doing ibogaine with a Brazilian witch doctor. Hunter S. Thompson later said in an interview " What terrible rumors, I should know, I started them"

I'm laughing at how they reported their $ amounts in the highest resale value possible. Damn cop shit.

I built Burruss Hall in Minecraft! :)

Love the attention to detail with the BT bus graphics!

Man this looks great. Does anyone remember that group that was building the whole campus in minecraft? OP should help with that project if it's not done yet lol

That looks great! 

Except the busses don't stop there any more. 

And they're usually wrapped with advertising for an optometrist.

:)

How much time did it take? Haven't played Minecraft.

Showed the picture to my wife asking “you recognize that?”
She immediately went with “yeah it’s virginia tech”.

So yeah, amazing job!

Nice!

Well done honestly, looks great with the lighting 👌

Wait I love her—🥰 nice work!

Omg this is amazing. Is the inside done?

Wow so awesome

Lovely work!

Aww the BT buses 🥹

This is awesome!

nice!

Tutorial when 👀🙏

That's so sick

Bro that’s awesome!!!

I love it!!!

This is amazing!

AWEESSOMEEE

I was visiting the other week and remarked to my friend that I would love to see the campus recreated in Minecraft.  Love what you did here!

I’m gonna guess it’s built in creative mode, but if you did this in survival that’d be epic

Really cool. My kids and I love Minecraft.

this is awesome 👏

Man I miss minecraft

https://preview.redd.it/qelfmnwuktme1.jpeg?width=3620&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=a16cdc2c730379c40e0b3dfbc6a5781dab59bb38

This reminds me of the time I was able to take pics of my motorcycle all over the empty campus during the early months of COVID.

Wow! That's awesome. Reminds me of the days, long time ago, I lived in the dorms and did nothing but play video games too hahahaha.

Looks incredible, too bad buses don’t stop there anymore

it looks like the white house ngl. !!

SEED SEED SEED SEED. 

Hokies for the MF W!!!! 

WHO DO THEY THINK THEY ARE?!!?!! 

I AMMMMMMMMMM

Map link?

Whoopie.

Yeah I found this unfinished world today from before the loops and decided to finish it, so that’s why the busses are there lol

Buses don’t stop there anymore? Man I feel older and older every time I get on this sub

Maybe like 10 hours total

Thanks! Nah just the exterior

Crosspost this to r/MinecraftBuilds too, I’m sure they’ll appreciate this as well!  😄

Please make a post with all this

That's a bummer, I kinda liked how it let off-campus people see Burrus up close as part of their routine, best building on campus

That's a relatively new development. They built a transit hub just north of Whittemore and now all the busses to campus stop there. It just opened this past fall. There are a couple of busses that run a circuit on campus that you can change to there. I don't ride BT often enough to know how well its working, but it does make sense to stop the busses somewhere that doesn't involve them having to stop for on-campus pedestrians. And there are plenty of shelters for folks who are waiting.

Friendly reminder that pirating textbooks is unethical and you should totally avoid using these websites. Stay alert! I wanted to send out a friendly reminder that using sites such as [libgen](https://libgen.rs/) or [Anna's Archive](https://annas-archive.org/) is unethical and you should avoid them at all costs.

These sites have many free textbooks that should normally cost $150, and students use it instead of spending their limited money on more education materials (after paying thousands on tuition already)!

[Here is a full list of most used piracy websites](https://www.reddit.com/r/Piracy/wiki/megathread/books/) for those who want to stay extra careful not to accidentally visit and use them! Please remind anyone you can to avoid these sites at all costs! Thanks!

Stay very very far away from fmhy.net, which is a aggregator for a majority of piracy websites.

Yeah i would not advise anyone looking for a textbook to go to google, type the name of your textbook and then add ".pdf" with the quotes and search. Dont do that.

Oh and I forgot to mention how awful and illegal using z-library can be for academic papers. Its the worst.

Bro, you sent this warning out too late. It’s already the 2nd week of classes!

yOu wOuLdNt sTeal a cAr

I'm only here for directions on how to get away from here.

Please be aware that this reminder is also applies to international students in particular who are coming from low income countries, in which $150 is equal to your whole month gross salary before tax even if you have a master's degree.

Downloading materials from mentioned websites are still unethical even though it's expensive AF for you, who told you to come to the US to get your education? Jokes on you!

“Please go to your nearest fake Barnes and Noble and buy a $500 12 and 1/2th Edition textbook that also sells overpriced school memorabilia and sweatshirts that only your parents want to buy…”

Avoid saving money,  don't shop around for textbooks, and pay the inflated school bookstore prices.  The school needs to pay for the overpaid administration Zars.

Also don’t search for “book title” solutions.pdf either

I'm glad there are so many likeminded individuals here, fighting against the evil that is textbook piracy!

Uhhhh- last year it was literally impossible to get our required textbook from the bookstore or anywhere else and we HAD to collectively use Anna’s archive as a class due to the chronic backorder. Nobody could get their textbooks for that class within a reasonable time frame, especially considering it had assignments due early on, and the earliest to get one was at least halfway through the semester. Our professor was fully aware of this and took no issue with it due to the circumstances.

Big Pearson Energy

Use a vpn, q bit torrent and 1337x to look up books. Don’t get suckered into giving these scammers like op thousands of dollars for a book that you use for 6 months.

Double friendly reminder that a day old account with one post might not have the most honest intentions.

Universities & professors are the pirates charging for new textbooks every year with little to no significant changes to the previous year & renting electronic content that expires.  Fuck them.  I encourage people to continue to use creative methods to get their piece of paper degrees and keep down costs.  University degrees are extremely overrated.  I have 5 degrees to include from Georgetown, MIT & Stanford.  These so-called higher learning institutions have become a failed experiment in diversity & mediocracy that enjoy taking out-of-state funding to pass foreign students who barely speak/understand English.  When  I hire ITY professionals, if they attended an Ivy League caliber school, it serves as a strike against them in my evaluation and I am definitely not the only one these days.

why not use them? Why not save money😂

Also avoid doing filetype:pdf

Sci-hub is another one of these heathen sites for academic papers!

My later in life schooling I always waited until at least the first class before buying the textbook. Gave me time to ask the professor if an ebook or older revision was acceptable.

[deleted]

I would download one though...

Yea it’s crazy… usually on Amazon,  look for a used version of an older edition..,sometimes it’ll bring it down to like $30

An intl student coming to Tech is in most cases the definition of "not low income" even if their country might be low income

Certainly don’t use Amazon, or maybe Facebook marketplace for students wanting to get rid of their textbooks

I am very tired and didn’t read all the way through to realize this was satire. Someone plz wake me up to take my final for the class I’m finishing within the 2 week trial period to avoid paying $100 for the temporary electronic access fee. 🥱 we love asynchronous classes being fully unlocked day 1 so you don’t have to wait for deadlines and access fees.

Good point. But for those worried, I'm an 11 year old account and I second *LibGen*. Also I want to add *sci-hub [dot] se* for scientific papers, and *12ft [dot] io* for online news sites. 

I often use sci-hub even though VT pays for me to have legitimate access. I'm too lazy to connect to the VPN or log into the library for one stupid paper, just give it to me!

Is the day old account in the room with us now?

The point of that entire message went right over your head lol

certainly dont contact the authors and ask for a copy

Yeah but it’s nearly the end of week 2. Everyone either bought or pirated at this point. Either way, this is a PSA for freshies so they wouldnt know this

And i have a feeling that this comment was also satire

Anyone have an old red stick shift truck with bench seats in a PDF format? Looking to download one for my bf.

Most grad students aren't, they rely on monthly stipend from their research projects.

University needs to get with the program and use certificate-based VPN auth imo. Our division uses it and the only drawback is that our folks never know what they need to be on VPN for, so I tell them it's always ok to be on the VPN. Seriously, we have a one click solution.

Well, yes, actually. Even if they are 4 months old.

Hey do what you like. It's the Internet. I'm not a cop. Be as stupid and unenlightened as you wanna be, but there's consequences.

e: the Venn diagram of the people downvoting me that believed there was free candy in the van and nothing could possibly go wrong blindly trusting a brand new account is a circle. Do what thou wilt shall be the whole of the law.

bruh why would i pay money for words if i can get em for free, its not unethical, whats unethical is charging 100$ for something that it doesnt cost them that much to make because its electronic😂

okay this is hilarious

Oh sorry forgot that grad students existed lol

You still not getting it is funny. OP is saying it’s unethical but really they are helping people pirate by providing good links.

The point is this was satire for all the freshies out there who didn’t know ANY of this info.

You have a fair point though, the undergrad students from my country at Tech are like top 5% of our society.

UVA WILL NEVER BEAT US UPVOTE PARTY

Don’t let UVA losing to a #16 seed distract you from the fact that the worst VT team in 30 years just beat their best team in a decade

[deleted]

A couple more years of this and the "my dog has never seen a UVA win" joke will be obsolete. What kind of dog lives that long?

This was literally their best chance and they still couldn't do it ahahahaha

LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOooo

HOKIE HOKIE HOKIE HI!!!

15 years. Let’s make it 15 more!

E: 2 years later, I'm in pain

Let's go!!!

That was a little scary at the end but we did it!

To be fair, the did end a streak:

our losing streak.

SAY YOUR PRAYERS

[deleted]

HHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAUMBCHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA

I feel at this point that it’s more 15 years of incompetence on their end than 15 years of dominance by us lol

If we can beat them this season, we can beat them any season! Let’s goooooooooooo

How are they this bad lmaooo they really can’t beat us 😂😂

@Marshall: U up?

WHAT’S A HOKIE

The only university that chokes more than the Chokies in sports is UVa hahahahahaha

They may have taken our Biocomplexity Institute, stealing all our faculty and $100m in contracts, leaving dozens of us students without advisors or money, and dozens of wage staff worried about their jobs and retirements - but they shall not take our football streak!!!

Fuck UVA

!!!! :D XD XD XD

FAM! Wahoo tears taste sweetest when collected and consumed using the Commonwealth Cup!

I was 10 trillion % confident we were going to lose that game after the pick. Like I knew it would happen. And then it didn't. Unreal.

UVA is a joke

I got 10 years older watching this game.

I wish I could go back to 2003 and talk to 17 yo me as I snuck out of Scott stadium in shame with a friend and we had a long quiet drive back to Blacksburg: this was the price we had to pay, it will all be worth it.

I WILL NEVER GIVE UP ON THIS TEAM LETS GOOOOOOOOOOO

http://www.thekeyplay.com/college-football/2018/07/16294/good-morning-virginia-football-broke-rock

Stick it in!
Stick it in!
Stick it in!
Stick it in!
Stick it in!
Stick it in!
Stick it in!
Stick it in!
Stick it in!
Stick it in!
Stick it in!
Stick it in!
Stick it in!
Stick it in!
Stick it in!

Uh YEAHHHHH

Told ya.

Soy trece millones

The incels over at Sabre are claiming a deflategate. Womp womp

Think you're spot on regarding VT being unique and standing on it's own.  It is folly to recast VT in another universities image.  Blacksburg itself is a big piece of what makes Hokie alums such rabid supporters of the school.  The New River, Main Street, the sunsets over the mountains, etc.  If you want a sprawling and disjointed Rutgers or UC type campus, go there.  Think Frank Beamer epitomized embracing the school for what it is, loving it and working hard to make that "thing" stronger.  If Sands is using VT as a stepping stone, I hope he moves on soon.  Think Sands hails from Purdue...wonder if there is something in his past driving him to inchoate the school. I would hope there is a board of trustees providing course corrections.

I come back to this post every time we lose lol

Agreed!

TO SHARKEY’S

HOKIES

DRINKING

>A couple more years of this and the "my dog has never seen a UVA win" joke will be obsolete. What kind of dog lives that long?

There's your new punchline. "It's been X years! What kind of a dog lives that long?"

We'll just start talking about tortoises.

Actually, mine lived for 16 years... and smaller ones can live to 18-20 if you take care of them and they get extremely lucky health wise. It's rare though. Cats can live to 18-20 I think too.

I'm currently dogsitting for a medium large (German Shepherd sized) dog who's 18 years old. She's a marvel. A marvel who can't control her bowels, but still, a marvel.

It's actually a curse

We must have paid a wizard a shitload of cash 15 years ago

LOL

😂😂😂

Hokies!

TECH TECH VPI!!!!

Hokies!

Was going through old work from elementary school. 10 year old me gave 27 year old me whiplash.

You can’t possibly have written that 17 years ago, I was at Tech during the shooting and…

Oh god it’s been 17 years. How did time go so fast?

VT, Tech, or Virginia Tech please /s

is that a 9 out of 10 or the date

As someone who is deeply connected to that tragedy, and has the anniversary coming up in a month - fist bump, ‘lil Devon. You’re a good kid.

Yo, my teacher did this and when I read this letter when I was older, I was so disappointed in myself. I still haven’t got over this.

Going to cubs? Did you misspell clubs? And you were clubbing at 10?

I misread this. so very misread this.

I was teaching in McBryde Hall when the shooting took place. I couldn't contain my feelings watching the bodies being carried out of Norris. 

The VT president, Charles Steger, decided not to close campus after the first shooting. A decision which cost many others their lives.

The first few sentences were so normal and wholesome then BOOM.

Bruh why isn't this a 10/10

That guy went to Westfield high school, the Va Tech shooter. He was in my sister's math class. Weird kid.

[deleted]

????????? the virginia tech shooting was 17 years ago ?????????

So how do you and your brother get along these days?  Is he still trying to be the boss of you?

It’s Virginia Polytechnic Institute

Right?! Same here. Hopefully you didn't have the pleasant experience of reporters wanting to get your opinion when you just wanted to go to west end for food.

I was a student and working in the 2nd floor of Norris Hall at the time. I was part of the group that evacuated Torg with the first bomb threat, since we had an office there and one of my coworkers found out very early.

We were all brought to the theatre the next day by two FBI agents who showed us the bomb threats on a projection screen to ask if any of us recognized a students handwriting. The only thing that was said from anyone in the group was that “the periods are little circles - those are often common in certain Asian countries.”

And all of that - as significant as it was - was wiped out a few days later by the tragedy. It amazes me that the FBI still says “there was no indication of who could have made the bomb threats” in their report after I heard that with my own ears.

My thoughts exactly, sigh

My 1st cousin played on the football team that year and was the defense lead. He played rover/linebacker/safety.

You will be dead before you know it

Want some more whiplash? I wasn't even alive then

Ur old hahahaahahahahahahahahah

Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University

please, i rep virginia agricultural and mechanical college until i die

Hokie hokie hokie hi
Tech tech VPI 
Sola Rex
Sola rah
Polytech virgin-e-a

9/10. -1 for “Virginian Technological College”

I’m starting to think this is a form of abuse

lol probably cub scouts

I thought it was West Springfield HS? But obviously if your sister went to school with the shooter, I must be confused

That Korean kid? 😱 That’s scary!

it’s called a cross post? i’m not claiming to be OOP

That was so traumatizing. Was living in WAJ and felt so awful for just wanting to have food… and my walk to West End was so eerie.

I was living off campus at the time, but I also worked for the University in a public facing role so they were very particular that we shouldn’t speak to the press.

I got to see George Bush drive by in a car real fast though!

It was a weird time at Tech. The other thing that’s forgotten is that in the fall semester we had another shooter scare.

I remember sitting in the big lecture hall in Squires when the police came in and told us to stay in place, then a few minutes later they came back in and told us to evacuate. No clear instructions or explanations just get out. It was a mad house and the cops were running back and forth (I just booked it away home and called it a day on the first day of classes) because someone had reported seeing the escaped prisoner who shot his way out of the hospital in the building.

I thought then how screwed we would be given the cops response to the threat of a shooter. I often now wonder if that day had any impact on what happened in April the next year.

I believe there are way more incidents like this where the Intel, indicators and red flags are all there ahead of time but possibly not acted upon.

RAY RAH VPI TEAM TEAM TEAM 
*awkward turkey gurgle noise*

More like 9/11 for that tragedy

Wooden Car racing and S’mores 😃

Yeah he went to Westfield in Chantilly, VA.

Yeah.

This was the same year when, earlier in the year, we were in lockdown because a guy shot a cop (IIRC). Everyone used the canceled classes to day party. What a weird year.

Edit: I think we’re talking about the same incident from the fall.

In fairness - what do you do with that information? It helps you narrow down, but not identify, a target. This was well before hyper-surveillance (I know Norris certainly didn't have it, I believe Torg at the time was only at entrances/exits IIRC). Still, to say explicitly in the report "the bomb threat note was determined not to be the same in Norris by handwriting analysis" seems weird to me.

That said, I only saw the Torg bomb threat, not the Norris Hall one, so maybe he shifted his handwriting style.

That reminds me of that airline: 9/11 Airlines

I think we’re referring to the same event. It was a convict who shot a cop at a hospital and they thought was hiding in Squires.

A lot of people say the worst part was the towers getting hit, but i think the worst part was the hypocrisy

Has anyone seen this person? Sharing post seen on Facebook for exposure!

Not letting me edit the post but I am NOT related to this person, simply posting to try to get the word out! I will not be able to communicate anything with the family so do please contact the police!

[deleted]

Doesn't the Huckleberry trail connect the mall and where his apartment is over in Merrimac? I hope they're looking through that area

Here's the update:

At 3 p.m. on Tuesday, Feb. 20, the Montgomery County Sheriff's Office distributed the following update. It appears in its entirety below.  
  
  
In regards to Jonathan "Johnny" Roop, investigators are continuing to pursue every lead; however, the preliminary investigation leads us to believe that he left the area of Montgomery County on his own Friday afternoon.  
  
Based upon information received it is believed that he most likely traveled toward SW Virginia or Tennessee.  
  
Investigators have been able to access video surveillance footage from local businesses/financial institutions and Mr. Roop was observed in the Christiansburg area of Montgomery County until around 3:30pm on Friday.  
  
Based on interviews with friends and family (in addition to video surveillance) it was noted that Mr. Roop's behavior on Friday was not consistent with his normal patterns of behavior; however, information received seems to indicate that he was alone.  
  
We have received no information leading us to believe that he is in immediate danger; however due to the fact that Mr. Roop appears to be acting outside of his normal behavior we would like to make contact with him to confirm that he is indeed ok.

https://news.vt.edu/articles/2024/02/police-missing-person.html

Something must have really been bothering him if he left of his own accord.  I wonder about depression, grades, girlfriend, etc - I pray he is and stays okay.

Engaging for exposure, hope he is found safe!

Will be driving through that same area tomorrow and will have eyes wide open for Johnny Roop.

I pray that he is found safe and can return to his family and friends asap.

They just posted an update. They spotted him at a local business with surveillance footage, and believe he left the Christiansburg area around 3:30

I’m sorry for what your family is going through. I hope your step-brother is safe, and simply decided to do a digital detox. 

Johnny, it seems like a lot of people care about you —even this internet stranger. Please take care and let your family know how and where you are doing.

[deleted]

I wondered if they checked out his banking and credit card activity?  He may have stopped at an atm.

His sister commented an hour ago in another thread that he was spotted at a Starbuck’s in Poplar, Missouri. Please call home Johnny or call 911. Everyone is looking for you and praying for you.

Cfbr

Is there any update about Johnny?

Hi all! The most recent update I’ve seen is from today as follows:

Update: Johnny was spotted in a Starbucks in Poplar Buff Missouri. Montgomery Police Department told us that once they have video footage of him being okay…they will no longer consider him a “missing person”. 
Starbucks told the police it would be 5-7 days before they release the footage to them of Johnny in the store. 

What no one is understanding is that Johnny is NOT okay. This is not just “school stress”. Whether it is something mental or physical…something is wrong. We have no clue what is going to happen. Our family is literally begging…do not give up on finding him. Please.

PLEASE keep sending prayers for Johnny and our family. We have obtained lots of new information in the past 24 hours. We will post updates when we are able to, but the best thing everyone can do right now is to be on the lookout, and not just in our local area, let your friends and family know that live in other states. We need this spread everywhere…

While it is good news that he appears physically well, chances are he is not mentally well. The absolute best would be some kind of contact because if having a mental health crisis, anything can happen. Hopefully police realize this. Prayers for all involved.

Sincerely hope he is okay and will come home soon. I’m sure there’s many things on his mind that needs processing and he shouldn’t have to do it alone☹️

Does he have any history of depression?

[deleted]

Chances are he is having a mental health crisis of some sort.  Sometimes when the image of you held by others does not align with your authentic self, the pressure can be too much to handle.  I am confident his loved ones will still love him if this is the case.  If so, I hope he finds comfort in re-aligning his core values and garnering support from all who truly care about him.  Perfection is highly overrated.

Yes definitely, thank you!🫶🏻

[removed]

Yes. Triggers. I know we’re just speculating, but that age and situation can make a person want to flee. Speaking from experience—I abruptly left school at 20, overwhelmed. He may not want to admit that to friends and family. Only thing is, this can be a hint at feelings that will hijack you (again) later in life if you chalk them up to just college burnout. Praying hard tonight for Johnny’s physical + emotional well-being.

This link has even more info:  [https://www.facebook.com/photo?fbid=730022855902507&set=a.377365117834951](https://www.facebook.com/photo?fbid=730022855902507&set=a.377365117834951)

Just to clarify, he was not spotted in that area. His phone pinged in that area. He was last seen around 10am. Praying he is found safely.

I will add on to this, he lived pretty close to cburg, so he would’ve left earlier but he hung around.

It was just on the news, they had a picture of the dude at a teller window at a bank.

https://www.reddit.com/r/VirginiaTech/comments/1axey7q/johnny\_update/

[deleted]

He was recognized and ran off. He’s well enough to plan this and keep disappearing. People just never want to believe their loved one would voluntarily do something so dumb and make all sorts of excuses…but he did. He isn’t the first to be hiding things from his parents and won’t be the last.

No, it wouldn't

Just police. While OP probably has good intentions, you don’t know if OP is trying to find this person for malicious reasons or if individual in concern is actively avoiding them.

When I heard this story and first saw his picture, I will never forget the feeling I got when I looked at him.  It still haunts me.

I have been sending positive thoughts his way.  I hope he understands that no matter how it seems right now, circumstances and people can change and he can get through whatever is challenging him at this time.  I pray for both Johnny and his family.

One comment on facebook (not the post you linked) noted that given that his phone pinged near the NRV mall at 4:26 pm and he was traveling to Abingdon to take an online exam by 5 pm, there would be no way he would get there on time.

Cell phone "pings" are not always accurate. The process uses triangulation to find a location, based on signal strength returns from multiple cell towers (that's why cell towers have antennas pointing in three different directions). A signal is sent to a phone (which must be on to work) and the return signal is analyzed to determine rough distance and direction from multiple towers. Where lines intersect is the rough location of the phone. It can put a phone in an area but it isn't a sure thing.

With the comment below on the accuracy of cell phone pings, this gives me more clarification. Unfortunately, I feel like this will make it a lot harder to find him. I hope he is found safe.

He was recorded in security camera at bank in Christiansburg at 3:30pm on Friday. Looked like he was withdrawing cash

How do you know that he hung around?

I hope he ends up okay.  I wish I could tell him no matter how bad he thinks it is, it will get better and he can have a great life.  I hope he can feel the positive thoughts and hopes that are flowing his way.

I am not Aleah, just someone who saw her post and screenshotted to share :) not related to the family in any way, but Aleah is his sister!

Sounds like he told people he was going to do one thing and did something else. 

When I was an undergrad back in 1998 a grad-student vanished from VT after telling his roommates and several friends he was headed home to his parent's house in West Virginia for the weekend. I didn't know the guy but some of my friends did because he was their TA.

The dude was last seen on security camera footage withdrawing $80 in cash from an ATM near the VT campus.  After he didn't show back up at VT the following week he was reported missing. His car was found abandoned along the route he would have taken home in Fayetteville West Virginia about a mile from New River Gorge Bridge.  Apparently the guy decided he had enough of this life and drove up there and parked his car and and jumped off.

The whole area around the bridge and up and down the New River was heavily searched at the time but he wasn't found until 18 years later when workmen were clearing brush around the base of the bridge.

Hr and a half away

Yeah, the apartments he lived in are only 2 miles from the mall so his phone could have pinged a tower in that area while he (or his phone) was at his apartment.   When I am at home my phone usually pings a tower about a mile away but occasionally I get calls showing up on my bill as having originated in a neighboring locality even though I know I was at home when I made the call.

They have posted a security camera pic of him at the bank in Christiansburg around 3:30pm on that Friday. And it looks like he withdrew quite a bit of money.

I think everyone gets what you’re saying but maybe try and have a little bit more tact in a post like this?

really not sensitive to post this story on an active missing persons case friend

Idk why you’re getting downvoted. Another kid JUST did this in Rochester ny. They, the college kids, should be fined for wasting resources and time.

He should be FINED? Are you fucking insane

Probably for pointing out that this is very unlikely to end with this dude being found alive and well.   A 6'3" 230-240 lb. dude does not just disappear unless he wants to.  

Hard to fine someone who is dead but yeah, if Rob Kovack had just left a note in a sealed envelope on his desk before he "took the bridge" it would have saved a ton of resources that were spent looking for him after he vanished.  They had helicopters flying up and down the New River Gorge, cadaver dogs and hundreds of VT students and other volunteers up there scouring the area looking for him.  It also would have spared his family  and friends from spending nearly two decades wondering what the hell happened him.

Ironically while looking for him they found the remains of more than two dozen other people who had jumped off that bridge over the previous 21 years that it had been there but didn't find him.

Since people won’t clean up their trash, we did.

Thank you dude, you are truly the embodiment of Ut Prosim.

dude, you need to protect yourself.get gloves people who litter have worse hygiene. 🖖

God bless your soul, I hope you‘re blessed with extra meat in your next Qdoba bowl at no charge

Nice work.

Hopefully this is a message to everyone. Don't litter.

Besides obvious reasons - its disrespectful - to every HOKIE that ever walked across the Drillfield (thats alot of HOKIES) and especially the 32 memorialized there. GO HOKIES!

r/detrashed would like this :)

Thank you!!!! Blacksburg is too nice of a town to be treated like a wastebasket.

People can be so trashy

Good job!

There needs to be more trash cans around the quads, but great work!

I like the comments. Ut Prosim, sir!

u/Zach10816 you a real one

Saint

You are goated sir

Ut Prosim!

Good work man

Guys please stop giving me rewards it’s not worth it

Simply a young god, you are

Thank you for doing this, but you should probably be wearing a mask and gloves, especially since you're handling other people's garbage

Awesome gesture. Please wash your hands.

Mvp

[deleted]

Thank you!

the best pic i’ve seen during my quarantine 😎

[deleted]

You should be wearing a mask right now. It’s almost like you want us to get sent home early...

Littering is basically putting your stuff down and forcing others to clean it up. It's selfish and narcissistic and I don't know how people live with themselves.

Yeah we used hand sanitizer after but you’re right we should’ve had gloves

Even worse at this point and time. People might have unwanted viruses left on the bottles and trashes. COVID-19 is different from other viruses in the way that it can survive on non-bio surfaces for over 32 hours in room temperature. Cleaning these up is unbelievable work but really helps especially considering how the house cleaners and other campus employee are pretty much overworked at this point.

It sends no message at all.

People who litter either do it unintentionally or intentionally. For the former, it's often in the form of leaving food trash in the classroom after the tech talk is over. I think some people forget about it just because it's not "theirs". For the latter, it doesn't send them any message other than "it's someone else's job to deal with".

not quite ready to canonize anyone just yet.

We definitely used a lot of hand sanitizer after handling the garbage

Hokie Water

Better news than house parties

And you want praise for cynicism. At least picking up litter has a benefit.

Yeah? What's wrong with that?

You’re right we’re gonna be better next time

And a trash picker upper!

Glad to hear it :)

[removed]

[removed]

Too late, you already spread the virus. You killed grandma

Now you're getting all fancy.

Talk about fragile. A picture of a person doing a good deed makes you all defensive.

Uh, everyone? People like to feel appreciated. That's how humans work.

Ye chill though, they were doing a good thing.

Stop being a toxic cunt!

gotta-love all the monday morning amchair waste managers!

[removed]

[deleted]

Your toxicity is not welcome here

Upvote if you actually wore this.

When i'm out of clean shirts, a shirt is a shirt

Free shirt is a free shirt

It’s a great shirt to cut the sleeves off for the gym

Ever, like at home, or in Blacksburg?

One of my go to shirts for center street

I got an XL size at the Hokie hi picnic and use it as a fantastic nightshirt

I still wear it lol. Usually avoided it when I was on campus though

If you wear a flannel over it you don’t notice ....

I still do but as PJs cause I got an XL

That was my laundry day shirt

no joke i haven't purchased a shirt at tech (2 yrs) cuz of free swag!

Pajamas.

Second VT shirt I ever got, way back in ‘07, although ours were white instead of maroon. Definitely wore it until it faded out. I have it in a box somewhere with other shirts destined to be turned into a quilt.

I’m wearing mine rn... to bed

Never got one of these because I couldn’t make orientation #feelsbadman

Use it for work

I still wear it

Shit I still wear it

Still do, but only in my apartment.

Turned it into a tank top

To sleep 🤪

I do when I paint and shit

I literally asked a chick on Tinder this today and even she couldnt give me a straight answer lol

Good job there. As really love that shirt. Lucky person

Got a pair that are 10 years old now still sitting in a drawer for house wear.

Never gonna let go of them lol.

I never got mine lol

of course! it’s a solid shirt for laundry day or to sleep in.

Who tf pays for clothes in this day and age???

I'm only here for the shirt.

It was in my rotation when I was in school

i cropped it for game days lmao

I know all my gym bros made these into a cut-off shirt

Best party shirt

Everyone has worn it at least once.

I made it into a cutoff :D

You bet your ass I did.

Redacted

I'm not gay, but twenty dollars is twenty dollars.

wearing that now haha

Exactly what I did lmao

I did that too lmao why has everyone done this

Ever, and in Blacksburg

I remember I did that when I was a freshman. One kind hearted dude told my buddy and I it's seen as a neon sign saying you were a freshman.

Wassup ;)

Home yes. Burg, never.

Edit: But never in public.

You’re not a part of the club

This is the Perfect answer. Around town in Blacksburg HELL NO.  Around town in home town? No thanks. How about at home in Blacksburg with roomies? Naaaaaa still too embarrassing of a shirt, we get it we all went to tech lol. How about around the house in your hometown that no one will see you in? Sure, a shirt is a shirt

You're not a part of the club

Haha tru tru, I’ll cry on the outside wishing I was on the inside

Its 4pm on a mid July, and the 2nd day of your orientation. Your group has spent the past 4 hours walking around campus in 90 degree heat, your orientation leader praising the math empo every other sentence. As you walk across the drill field the leader turns to the group. Perhaps it's finally over?

Them prepackaged meals slapped tho

Close to 5 years later and I can still feel the heat.

Here’s your gold because I can’t afford it 🏅

this is brilliant

[deleted]

As a parent: they put us in a room that was freezer cold and read the website to us. I napped on a couch in Squires instead.

Incoming transfer student, should I do this orientation? Sounds kinda miserable from this meme

Honestly I feel like building some parts of campus on roblox so people can do the orientation there.

‘24 are some lucky bastards for not having to go through this clownery

If you had to sit in a War room without A/C at 7:30 PM on the first knight and play “run to that wall if you ___”... you know

One of the good things about orientation being online this summer

Don’t forget then getting to sleep in a dorm room with no AC. Whole experience was awful.

The good thing about transfer orientation was that it only lasted half a day.

My orientation was 10+ years ago. Thanks for triggering my PTSD from that experience.

Something something something diversity!

We did rock-paper-scissor tournaments for like 3 hours

Cries in class of 2024

>Go west

They don’t do the “what’s a hokie?” thing anymore. At least they didn’t at my orientation.

I never did orientation because my 'first' semester was summer two.  Did get the *horrid* experience of staying in the hold o'shag in the middle of blistering summer, though.  fuck

I am so happy that this is the 2nd post all time now. I love this school, and I love this subreddit.

Orientation felt like I joined a cult/went to Jesus camp. I remember walking to a seminar and having orientation leaders screaming and jumping. Poor introverted me was terrified. But those lunches were 👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻

Hey, can I borrow your cell phone? If you don't let me borrow it, I'm going to tell everyone you let me borrow it anyway.

We ate at D2. What’d you guys have

Hell yeah. It was worth the awkward forced conversation with my orientation group

The joys of being a transfer.

I remember trying to sleep in 90 degree heat on a bare mattress in Slusher. Shit was rough

back in my day it was uphill both ways

I will trade you the massive thunderstorm and having to walk from squires to the lane lot, getting while soaked and then having to sit in a frigid Empo trying to set your class schedule. I will take the heat over that any day.

Honestly the only useful part of orientation was having advisors from your major tell you the course requirements so you could make your schedule.

I miss being an unjaded freshman.

I believe orientation will be online this summer due to COVID-19

It's not that bad-- just make a friend or two in your group and you'll be having fun

I think transfer was only 1 day iirc. I want to say that is when they give you the classic tshirt

I transfered in when I was there and didn't attend an orientation. I'd recommend skipping it, there are plenty of resources available to help you without having to waste a day walking around hearing moto phrases.

It looks like orientation will be online, but if not then I highly recommend going. I met one of my best friends from orientation.

Hey, if it's an option, go for it! I met people there I'm still friends with.

It's a good experience. Just parts of it arent fun.

Transfer orientation was only a day thank god and not nearly as much PC culture shoved down our throats

https://i.imgur.com/26Nh1O5.png

says #2 for me

It was like a basic boxed lunch with chips sandwiches, cookies, fruit and stuff. I don’t know why but it still smacked

The awkward conversation was the worst. Why you trynna make me learn their life stories😭

Damn y’all suffered.  Orientation groups sleep in the air conditioned cadet dorms now

I remember that. Guys got slusher wing while the girls stayed at slusher tower. During the night between the orientation, my group ended up playing spoons in the lounge area with a couple of drunk guys that wandered in.

Lee Hall here. Top bunk on a late July night with no air movement. Woke up in a pool of sweat at 6am after maybe sleeping for two hours.

If you walk from the residential side of campus to classes, it technically is (at least partially) uphill both ways.

Ours was at 7am and I fell asleep lmao

Dude i thought this whole thing sucked for me. Poor incoming freshman man what a way to start their college careers theyve been looking forward to. fuck

I never got a shirt

Yousof Azizi, an Iranian PhD candidate in Public Administration & Policy at Virginia Tech (SPIA) and prominent journalist with hundreds of appearances on BBC Persian, has been detained by ICE, despite having no issues with his visa status.

"To announce that there must be no criticism of the President... is not only unpatriotic and servile, but is morally treasonable to the American public."


- Teddy Roosevelt


Look at all the servile little piggies in this comment section. Y’all need to take a look at the Virginia flag and find the stones to mean that shit.

Edit: ‏⁦‪Fundraiser for Yousof: https://www.freefunder.com/campaign/support-yusof-azizi

Yousof Azizi, a final-year PhD student in public policy at Virginia Tech was arrested this morning in front of his home by ICE forces. He has not yet met with his lawyer, and ICE forces have informed him that he will soon be transferred to the detention camp for undocumented immigrants in Louisiana.

Mr. Azizi holds a valid visa with absolutely no deficiencies in his visa file. Azizi is a well-known scholar and analyst in the Persian-language space, with hundreds of debates and discussions in various media outlets, especially BBC Persian and many on YouTube. It appears that his arrest, as a dissenting voices against war and sanctions on the Iranian people, was politically motivated. Please help his family by raising awareness for Yousof Azizi's release.

Well it’s been an unfortunate standard. If you have a Visa and are openly opposing the government during this term you’re getting your Visa overturned. We’ve been seeing it for the past year+ now

It’s pretty dictator-like if you ask me

If you say something that undermines US foreign policy, the State Department can yank your visa under this administration.

Out of curiosity, how do you know that there are no issues with his visa status?

According to DHS, his VISA status has two issues. 

1. He lied on the application.

2. It had been terminated because he had not re-enrolled in school for the Fall 2025 Semester.

[https://www.reuters.com/world/middle-east/trump-administration-attempts-deport-iranian-media-commentator-yousof-azizi-2026-04-16/](https://www.reuters.com/world/middle-east/trump-administration-attempts-deport-iranian-media-commentator-yousof-azizi-2026-04-16/)

This is a violation of the first amendment. The second amendment has never looked so pretty.

Is he providing material support for the IRGC or something? Probably would be a violation of his visa.

to be fair, he is pro-iran regime, the same regime that kills students by the 10s of thousands in iran,

The coup has so far been met with no resistance. 



America is a dictatorship.

He probably had connections to the regime. ICE is cracking down on Iranians living in America with links to terrorists and ranking members of the Iranian regime.

Ice does a lot of disgusting shit, but trust me, this is totally fair. Americans with family who work for the us gov traveling to Iran and Russia these days would be kidnapped and tortured for weeks if we made the mistake of entering those countries, even for peacefully reasons. My parents are us gov employees with security clearances, and we have family in Russia. I have been told in no uncertain terms by a dhs officer that if I traveled to Russia to visit them I would be pulled into a Russian blacksite and tortured for weeks if I entered the country, for any information that my parents might have through their clearance. Me, im a 22 year old grad student I don’t know or have any state secrets lmfao, but if your parents work for the us gov you will be tortured by the Russians if you go there. It’s barbaric 

Fuck these regimes and fuck their apologists. Deportation is literally the most humane thing we can do to these people because in their countries we would be tortured or executed on the street

That’s Zionism for you

ICE = Trump milice

You meant to say legally, send him back

If he’s an ayatollah regime shill then good riddance.

Iranian here. I am so happy of what ICE has done regarding this mouthpiece of Islamic regime. There are several thousands more that should be taken care of.

I wonder what he was wearing

No issues you know of

Here in Blacksburg?

He is an IRGC supporter and anti-America.

Honestly man, when you’re a guest in someone’s house you complement the over cooked brisket, eat a double helping if whatever the fuck mayonnaise monstrosity that is, fawn on the mangy dog and shut the fuck about his kid having the same hairlip as the neighbor.

When you are physically in the country, you get to have an opinion on national issue when you’ve taken the oath.

Im glad to see ICE performing thier duty in getting rid of terrorism supporters.

Do you think they might know something you don’t? Something more than his public persona, not on his CV?

🤣

“No issues with his visa status” lol the dudes in charge of visas appear to disagree.

https://preview.redd.it/e6qw2otr1xvg1.jpeg?width=636&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=ec71d9b32ca552baf524ab438b833cccdbde9855

He's a pro-Islamic Republic shill. Get him out of the country IMMEDIATELY.

He is widely known as a vocal supporter of the Tehran government. He should be removed ASAP.

Deport him.

Outrageous. Nazi country, lost irredeemably

Too bad

Good

Thank you ICE for getting rid of Iranian regime supporters, propagandists and terrorist sympathizers!

Didn't realize my Alma mater had so many racist assholes.

Free Yousof Azizi.

Womp womp

I wonder who all those advocating for the guy are from. IRCG bot downvoting critics? Reddit is interesting.

Maybe he shouldn’t be leading underground terrorist recruitment?

I mean, he is a pretty big journalist that advocates for the Islamic Iranian Regime, a group that we are currently at war with. The IRGC is classified as a terrorist organization by the EU and America, and supporting terrorists is an easy way to get your Visa revoked, especially during a time of war.

Additionally, we dont know the full story. Good chance he could have been getting paid by the IRGC, or lied about his social media presence on his Visa application, which  both would also be grounds for a revoked Visa.

He’s not a citizen, he’s openly advocating for a terrorist organization and his at will visa can be revoked at any time…  why is it when the rules are followed leftists get so confused?

I have to agree.  It is a privilege to have a U.S. visa, live, and study in the U.S.  He does not have the rights of an American citizen.  I will never understand the folks that think if they enter Iran right now illegally that they would not be detained; and if they entered legally and then started spouting rhetoric about how great the U.S.A. is that they would not at a minimum get kicked out.

So many bootlicking cucks in this thread. Can’t wait for the Tribunals when all these confirmed pedophiIe fans in the MAGA pedocult are convicted and sentenced to what the Constitution prescribes for Treason.

Bye

He supports the terrorist regime of iran. He must not have been in the US at all.

He isn’t a citizen. He is from Iran, they are most likely detaining anyone from Iran to make sure they are not spying for the terrorist regime. Once he is cleared, he will leave w/o issues.

Liberals hate when normal people take every measure to protect America. They prefer to root for terrorists and say how awful America is…but they never F’n leave the country. Wonder why 🤔

How can you claim it’s illegal if you have no clue. We do know he openly defends the Iranian Regime. Maybe don’t do that in a country opening their doors to you?

I have an issue with ICE going out of their way to detain people that do no harm and appreciate this country. 

But mouthpieces for the Islamic regime that have oppressed Iranians for 47 years have no place in America.

Edit: the number of downvotes is disappointing. Reach out to your fellow Hokies in IS@VT and see what they think.

Gestapo doing Gestapo things; didn’t Israel train ICE on their apartheid tactics? They detain, torture, and kill journalists….

Douche

He should have been detained sooner. He does not have a place in the U.S. while he is defending radical Islamists and their proxies. He doesn't get to live in a free country and support a government that has been suppressing its own people every chance they get.

And? Having a visa is like being invited to the party. If your host doesn't want you, they can kick you out.

Dr. Matthew McCarthy, DO, on Main Street Won't Write Birth Control Precriptions Anymore Just an FYI to all you Hokies who go here for birth control. 

Not OC, this was sent to me

[deleted]

birth control isn’t an abortifacient though?

Well, no one should go to a doctor that believes birth control is an abortifacient anyways. And this is the same crowd that screams “feelings aren’t facts!!!!” As the other comment says, please leave a review and warn others about the nature of this practice.

Is this the Direct Primary Care (DPC) guy? 

You pay $70-80 a month to have a "subscription" to him, and he doesn't even write for basic meds? Ugh.

What are you supposed to do if you have PCOS or need birth control for other issues? DPC is supposed to make shit easier, that's what justifies the monthly price.

They deserve to lose every one of their patients for this.

This dude prescribes testosterone. But not birth control? Get fucked.

Clearly he needs to go back to medical school

Cool.  Well, now you know that this particular medical provider is willing to substitute his own weird religious/political beliefs for actual medical science.

I am not a student but if I were I'd think long and hard about trusting that practice with my healthcare if I could become pregnant.

And I'd think long and hard about trusting them with my healthcare if I could contract a sexually transmitted infection.

And I'd think long and hard about trusting them to respect my privacy or any other code of medical ethics should the leaders of their party/faith/cult tell them that Sky Daddy disapproves of those rules.

As a physician who prescribes  contraception every day, fuck these two. Hope yall find some good docs out there who will treat you as a person and not a baby making machine.

Buddy should remember he is a doctor, not a preacher.

Thank you for posting this and spreading the word so women are aware of what type of “doctor” this man is. I’m loving all the reviews he’s getting.

Looks like doc needs a proctologist to help with a cranium lodged fully into his descending colon.

Imagine being a doctor and not knowing or caring for your patients wellbeing for help with hormone help via oral contraceptive because of some feel-feels he is too chicken shit to even put in writing.

What the actual fuck

I’m a mom of four and this is really stupid. Not everyone wants to get pregnant, for fuck’s sake.

Knew him when I was at VCOM, he weirded me out for sure

[deleted]

This dude is also the medical director of the Valley Women's Clinic. 

It's one of those clinics that pretends to be like Planned Parenthood, but when you get there they admit they don't provide abortion services then they try to convince you to keep the baby.

Thanks for outing him, the piece of shit

There’s a reason he couldn’t get into an MD school 🚩🚩

I mean his website says he’s a Christian Dr. I wouldn’t go to him based on that alone.

Let's all leave him the appropriate Google reviews

It’s not their job to push their morals onto their patients. Insane

Awful person

Someone thinks they are being scientific pushing out ridiculous religious bs

Boycott.

Owner of Windrush Berry Farm

What a f£~%£ing loser

Is he going to stop writing for cialis, viagra, and thier equivalent generics? No? Hypocrite.

So I don’t have a uterus anymore and am on BC for endo so how do people like me fit into this situation doc?

Looks like they’ve managed to get Google to get rid of the reviews :(

I think this is totally within their rights to do, and its perfectly fine for them to make this choice. Similarly, its completely fine for every one of their patients to decide they dont want to be seen by a fucking whackjob. 

Free speech, meet free market.

Like we live almost in the buckle of the bible belt, are we even remotely surprised at this point? We have literal nazi’s running rampant; people are starving. This is the hill this wanna be MD wants to die on. Then by all means we should let him. Reminds me of a quote “hoisted on his own petard”. Let him now go belly up from his own ignorance. We as a society need to stop with the “not shaming people”. Sure you don’t shame people for things they have no control over but this type of ignorance is so willful. Makes me wonder what his stance on vaccines are?  If he’s a true believer, surly he thinks his god will save the people that need saving. So if that’s the case why vaccinate? So so many of these willfully ignorant f**ks use there positions to lord there beliefs on and over others. Sorry I got kinda fired up but it’s just insane that a person with medical training can be so dumb. Thanks for coming to my Ted talk!

Damn. Anyways, now that this guy is gonna lose patients, who's a good alternative that actually believes in the medicine they went into debt to study?

Abortifac-deez

Does he wear mixed fabrics? Because thats a sin too

[deleted]

All of his negative google reviews have been expunged.  His rating actually went UP after all this.  SMH

Man shut this place down

https://preview.redd.it/t3pdtcvt5ozf1.jpeg?width=1440&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=ce0c18caaa6d37136ba78f03b0447f7a5e23bd15

Get that shit out of here Zara.

So not a real doctor.

Hope his practice fails miserably thanks to this decision.   Not even based on sound medical fact

I firmly believe that any medical professional who refuses to provide care based on "personal belief" should lose their license and face possible criminal prosecution. It is ridiculous that a doctor would force their religious beliefs on a patient. The Hippocratic Oath States that a doctor should do no harm. But in refusing to provide care to a woman, they are doing harm. This doctor is a joke.

The first amendment makes it abundantly clear that at the end of the day, the US is a secular nation. We should not ever, ever, ever allow one person's religious beliefs to undermine the rights of others. If that means a doctor has to perform an abortion, so be it. If that means a Catholic hospital has to cover birth control, they don't have a choice. This is not a Christian nation, and it is the height of arrogance to pretend it ever was.

Is anyone required to use him as a doctor for any reason?

[deleted]

In case you're interested in concierge medicine, but don't want to see this person, there is also Katie Edson.  I saw her for years and thought she was terrible. She has a weird affect that made me uncomfortable and made me feel like I was bothering her most of the time. I always felt like she was trying to upsell me on her expensive aesthetics machine stuff when I was going in for routine physicals. I often felt like I had to hound her to get things done.

She also raised her prices on billing day with no advanced warning.

1/10 would not recommend.

This is where I was getting my BC, I can’t believe this! Ughhhhhhh

All I have to say is - if this is just a regular email, which it looks like it is, how is this HIPPA compliant?

It’s a Doctor of Osteopathy, not an M.D. — which explains a lot here.

Good for him, and good for them. Hope they stay faithful to these convictions even while catching the heat that they will.

I'm going to be the voice of logic here... it is his practice and he has the right to prescribe birth control or not prescribe birth control. He has the right to not provide medical services that are not aligned with his beliefs. You have the right to go to his practice or choose another, which may be more aligned with your beliefs. Freedom of choice is an amazing concept.

Virginia Tech beats Duke (82-67) winning first ever ACC Championship in Basketball!

Mike Young 🐐

Aluma and Cattoor brining us 50 points wow

Can't believe it man. What a team

Mutts is so hype in this celebration lol I love it. Just yelling "what's a Hokie? I am" right in Cattoor's face repeatedly

What’s been the most impressive to me during this 4 game run is that we’ve had production from each guy each night. Not just one player carrying the team.

We're a basketball school now apparently

LETS GOOOO

Congratulations from a Tar Heel. Gutsy run through the whole tournament, and a great win tonight!

Does this mean we play in March madness?

WE DANCING!!! LETS GO!!

Basketball school? Basketball school.

Virginia Tech!  Virginia Tech!  VIRGINIA TECH!

[EXIT LIGHT](https://gfycat.com/confusedsilentamericanbobtail-basketball-college-ncaa-unc)

LET'S GO

Congratulations Hokies from this Seminole. Very well done.

LFG

Looks like we are an elite basketball school now

Of course this happened during my gap year :p lol 

couldn't be happier for my Hokies!

FAM!!!

Anybody know What seed are we likely to get?

We were 2-7 in ACC play on January 26. Now we’re on top. I LOVE THIS TEAM

[It was awesome being there! ](https://i.imgur.com/rVfJ0oh.jpg)

YEAHHH so hype

LETS GO HOKIES

Iceman MVP Cattoor and what a team effort!!!!

Let’s fucking goooooo

Damn. That's a pretty solid win.

First ever finals, first ever win. Hope we can make some noise in the tournament. We are going to be picked by a lot of people to make some big upsets.

LETS GO HOKIES!!!!

H.O.K.I.E.S. HOKIES!!!

Yessir!!!

Hell yeah!

Duke towered over us.  Their players are so fast.  Big congrats to the VT players for playing smart basketball, as well as congrats for the great coaching.  I have no fingernails left.

Popcorn and cold drinks

Mike Hawk 🐐

I so loved Mutts' dunk toward the end that left Banchero on the ground.  Oh, that felt so good.

Cattoor was absolutely insane, especially in the first half.

Cattoor played absolutely out of his mind last night!

This is the team I thought we were in November. Never expected this when the tourney started. Was at VCU for the final four run in 2011 and in the ACC tourney we showed a lot of the same qualities that that VCU team did in the NCAA. Let's keep it going

Mutts, storm, and aluma have been consistent all tourney. Maddox was off tonight but catoor was SO on. Maddox was ON each other night. They all can and want to carry the weight.

Ever since Frank left baby!

HOKIES

Tag team effort ruining Coach K's final big games. 🤝

Yes

In before they call us last 4 in

LETS FUCKING GO BRO

Yeah. They'll put us as a 16 seed against Gonzaga since they have to field us now.

Yessir

This is the way

HOKIES

Protest today Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances.

The BOV today called VT students “products”; also protesting the anti-DEI efforts. 
I’m proud of them!

I for one was pleased with the turnout at todays protest. The marchers were about 1/4 mi. long at 3 to 4 abreast. Quite a sizeable crowd. The 1st protest I've been to at VT since the "battle of blacksburg" may 1970 : I skipped high-school classes that day to attend, subsequently I got suspended for 3days. This protest today was a lot less confrontational, than back then, but I could certainty feel the energy today. Count me in to join you'all again. YOU'ALL DID YOURSELF PROUD❗️                                                                         
 DJT is wrong on so many things I can't count them all. I will rest easier when he's out of office❗️& not untill then.

[deleted]

I would've punted on the vote yesterday.  Without the DOE who is even funding universities anyway. Why comply when that hasn't been figured out yet.

But then again, the BOV is stacked with Youngkins picks.

I’ve seen more people go to watch two people punch on.

Everyone thinks theyre fucking MLK now.

So fucking lame.

Wish I could have joined💗

Way to exercise your rights! Please continue to be free thinkers and question everything!

“Let’s go stand outside”

That’ll show ‘em

42% of adults aged 18-29 voted.

Had a good time there

as long as it didn't turn violent then I hope ya'll had fun

I also hate that we no longer hire/promote based off of ethnicity, gender, or religion anymore. Civil Rights act of 1964 was a real let down.

It was really incredible to see so many people out yesterday!! I screamed a lot more than I intended to LMAO

I'm at a university which directly funds RSO's (including culturally focused ones), and they can always coordinate with its SGA to get more funding for their events. Honestly, I would rather these sorts of organizations be led by genuine grassroots students being funded by the university where necessary than being ran directly by the university itself. I mean, when white liberals from the outside try to dabble into this sort of thing, you get terms like "Latinx", which no Hispanic would ever have come up with. Would certainly give you a better outlook on a given culture when you learn stuff directly from international students themselves. Just goes to show that losing this office is far from game over. If you can convince the SGA to do the right thing, it may actually be an improvement. (If you're wondering why I'm here, my brother goes to VT, and I stay involved on his campus, also bc I want to visit it. There are certainly many things VT has that I could only wish my university had, but this is one of few areas in which mine wins out imo)

" the right of the people peaceably to assemble" unless there is a pandemic

Good showing, way to go VT.

Correct. But you also can't disrupt amor harrass the normal students and staff that are just trying to do what they are actually there for.

Why is everyone white?

ts beautiful 🥹

We won; you lost. Get over it and perhaps find a reasonably qualified likeable candidate in the next election with an IQ who doesn't push DEI BS and men in women's sports agenda, protests for more war and death in Ukraine, supporting terrorists, and advocates for more waste and abuse in already bloated bureaucracy. Thanks Elon!

Democrats are getting crushed right now and look like a deer in the headlights. When the polls suggest or is trending that the leader for the Democrat party currently is a violent inciting, handicap shaming, and foul mouthed bitch by the name of Congresswoman Crockett you know the party is tanking.

Oh no, they have shut down the liberal indoctrination for a bit.

Those 77 people made a difference!

This isn't going to do anything

Like clockwork

That’s not very big. *That’s what she said.*

So does anyone know what they are protesting for?

Man it really must be hard living in a echo chamber, I’ve been in the middle not right or left focused on politics because if I was to choose I wouldn’t choose a group that was created by clan and still is ran by racist, so I have chosen to be republican because I believe in people’s character but recently the actions from the left for the past few years has been pure evil, free your minds make your own choices look beyond what they tell you and see the truth, some of you won’t but I believe that a few of you would

dang the USAID stash must be running out; that's not very many paid protestors

And how did the BOV vote after this?

It was a huge crowd! Does anyone have an estimate of how many showed up? My guess was about 375-400

Y’all should see how they treat their workers.

Is this right now? If so, why the hell do yall always protest in front of GLC. All you're doing by protesting in front of GLC is disturbing a bunch of undergraduate and graduate students who live there. Go protest somewhere like Burruss where yknow.. the President's office is? I don't care what the protest is about, imagine if there was a crowd of people in front of your house protesting? You'd be pretty pissed off too.

😂

Dining hall food?  Parking?  Crappy music on WUVT FM 90.7 ?

Oh no people have to get in based on grades :(

Ew

Revoke all tax dollars sent to VT.  Not with my money!

No one is establishing religion anywhere, WTF are they protesting about 😭

What law is particular are you protesting? It's not violating the 1st amendment whatever it is

[deleted]

What is this history I don't know about, the Battle of Blacksburg?

And once again protest a Country that allows freedom of speech, only because if you protest in most other countries you get thrown in jail. I hope everyone out there understands freedom is not free.

[removed]

there's lots of continued action that was advertised during the speeches of the protest and that's been going on behind the scenes. i'm guessing you didn't bother to go to this, encampment, or any other protests that have gone on in the past year or you probably would've known that. so i ask, who's "we" and how are *you* making a difference. 

all for constructive criticism but this doesn't seem like it's from an informed or good faith place.

[deleted]

Yeah, that worked.

It's safer for international students to protest anti-DEI efforts since they won't be at risk of arrest by the ICE and deportation, unlike if they protest for Palestine.

Protests against the Muslim ban, the VT version of the March for science, the women’s march etc, take back the night, March for our lives, etc, have all been “just one protest for a little over an hour” and we’re still part of those movements.

[deleted]

Tech be like...

*That's a lot of damage!*

98% of that email was completely useless, all they did was jerk themselves off and then finally put in minimal useful information.

as a faculty member and someone who doesn't get the same communications as y'all, can i ask is this in response to the Student Affairs note that went out today?

Honestly I think they’re in the same boat as us. They have no clue how the semester is really going to look. 

All I know is it’s gonna be a trip of a semester

If they think people aren’t gonna party..... they’re gonna be sorely mistaken

Try being in the military 😎 we are just making shit up as we go

New slogan: Ut inficiat

I think it's an admin thing across the board in society.

Is there any of you who think your respective locale is doing an excellent job?

Phil’s crackin a full smile and hasn’t even started on this job

SLAP IT ON THERE WITH THE POWER OF ZEUS

Some communicator probably spent two weeks writing that letter. It’ll be the highlight of their career.

No, more so the letter that was sent out two days ago. Didn’t have much issue with the letter, other than the fact that it pretty much said nothing new and just reiterated what we’ve been hearing for the past few months.

This tweet https://twitter.com/virginia_tech/status/1278771162554695680?s=21

[deleted]

Precisely this. Zero guidance or assistance from the national government. They're lost and are maybe not making the best decisions but they've been given zero direction from our president.

No No you don't understand, it won't be a party, all of my friends are just going to conveniently, accidentally, meet in the same location at the same time surrounded by a reasonable amount of alcoholic beverages

This is why there is no plan.   There is no safe way to bring students back to campus.

[New party theme for the fall](https://globalnews.ca/news/7204384/coronavirus-glory-holes-sex/)

Public Ed checking in!

thanks!

Because they are hoping to take the best ideas and put them together into a plan.

yea feds a.k.a trump gov fumbled this so hard

[It's not a party](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FbAYl1xUF6w)

What a coincidence!!

This is real, I swear!

[deleted]

Go to Google. Type the title of a movie with "Google drive" after it.

Boom free movies.

Im a Jmu person who hopped over from the JMU instagram girl crosspost and I gotta say, this comment second is funny as hell

Wait was this photo taken by the guy with a cute yellow lab? If so I walked past you taking this picture and I really wanted to say that your dog is super cute!

i’m screaming

I know one of the guys who runs the place; he absolutely has a good sense of humor.  Great dude

Yeah but some of the quality of those movies are absolute trash

Nah, we just need one person with a Netflix account to screen share on Zoom

*cough cough* f2movies.to

No, I took the picture. You may have seen me fiddle outside of The Cellar in the past.

Well you can probably stop now, it’s kind of early for that.

Plus they all got flooded with bs junk links that go to a pdf with a trash link and a bunch of hot keys to grab traffic

You've brought up some very good points in your argument. I especially like the one about one person with Netflix screensharing movies over zoom.

Did you just fucking cough?!

123movies also works

Ah man, I saw someone take a picture of this around the same time this was posted. Sorry  about that!

holy shit that was like 4am oops

He's got covid! Everybody run for your lives!!!

It's cool

2319! We got a 2319!!

Welcome to Hoki, Tottori prefecture.

Fun fact: Japan has a town named Hoki.  Japan does not have a town named cavalier or kabaliru.

This is awesome. Also you look very American lol

Tyrod!

jealous - you should swing by Okayama and check out all the awesome denim spots there: https://japantoday.com/category/special-promotion/okayama-sunshine-and-denim

Do you know Japanese? I’ve just started learning from a textbook I bought off a fellow Hokie.

Awesome find!

Even without the jersey, Americans stick out in Japan.  Especially in smaller towns like this.

[deleted]

Fun fact, the library has a room with full access to Rosetta Stone available to students.

I know enough to get by.  Can speak / listen ok enough but can't read it at all.  I suppose you could say I learned romaji.

You don't think I know that? Lol

Hah trust me I know. Rosetta is quite trash. For Japanese you can’t go wrong with the Genki textbooks. And you can get audio online for it.

For Chinese I suggest a few apps to get started but first and foremost is constant practice with natives. HelloTalk is the app for that. Keeping a notebook and just getting your hands on good phrasebooks is my method and has worked great for Chinese.

Personally I know at least 15 words in Japanese as well as most of the honorifics from just watching subbed anime. I'd probably know more if I was actually trying to learn it.

Heh... I swear sometimes I feel like I may be the only dude learning Japanese who has no interest in anime or manga or any of that.

Epitome of Ut Prosim. May he Rest In Peace

Give this man a statue, or at least name a building after him

Has he been awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom? If not he needs to be.

He saved the life of my sister’s best friend as well as her first boyfriend. They jumped out the window because he held the door.

Him and the Cadet who won the Airman’s Medal (I believe his name was Mathew LaPorte please don’t kill me if Im wrong), deserve buildings named after them.

I’d much rather have librescu hall than new residence hall north north east west. I wish VT would start naming buildings after people who mattered. Not just whoever has the deepest pockets

Didn't donate enough money for a building./s

But they’re dead so how will they donate millions of dollars /s

Granata too. He left the safety of his third floor office to try and help people on the 2nd. Shooter never stepped foot on the 3rd floor.

I know this thread is old, but I was scrolling through the top posts in this sub. As a former cadet and a graduate of Matt LaPorte’s high school, I think it’s absolutely criminal that they didn’t name one of the new cadet dorms LaPorte Hall. If I recall, there was a strong petition to do so. It would’ve been a great way to honor him.

Or rename Lee Hall so it's not named after a clansman.

But nah here at Virginia Tech the administration only says "Ut Prosim" when what they're serving is their wallets.

It's actually a really nice name

At the end of the day money matters the most lol.

His gave his life to and for VT, but apparently that’s not enough for VT.

A much older student of one of my advisors tried to donate half a million in the advisor's name to make a named professorship in his honor. It was amazingly generous of the dude, half a mil in cash??? Shit. He was worth $20-30 mil at this point if rumors were true, but still.

VT told him they don't *do* named professorships for less than $1.5 million, and offered him some insulting nonsense like naming a conference room in the building. IIRC he left and never gave them a penny. 

VT ain't UVA rich, but they certainly aren't bothering with small change.

We're pretty sure my wife was one of the last people to see Kevin alive that morning. He came running into the area she was, raised the alarm, and then ran back the way he came to shuttle more people into safe areas despite his ability to get himself to safety. One of the worst days of my life, but Kevin and Liviu saved so many lives on that Monday morning. 

Not that I will manage it, but if I ever make millions, those two deserve their name on a building so many uncountable times over compared to faceless donors.

At least we named a lab after him

Fuck was Lee in the Klan?

I’m with you there. Pretty sure my cat would make a better president than Tim sands. Him and the other money grubbing fucks don’t deserve a place in university administration

Yep. The university claims that there's no "reliable evidence" that he was involved in "actual Klan activities" despite there being a yearbook naming him as a grand master or whatever in the KKK and despite there being records of his attendance at a lynching in southern VA.

Can you gimme the sources for that? That’s fucked up.

Here's a [Roanoke Times article](https://roanoke.com/news/education/virginia-tech-gives-dorm-namesake-s-possible-klan-link-another-look/article_4cecdad2-871d-5ed1-aafb-45aae7b5d105.html).

Tldr the school claims that the numerous documents associating Claudius Lee with the KKK (a yearbook, several local news articles, etc) are "a nasty prank".

In my experience, when someone uses the word, "nasty" it's because they're dodging the truth, or over exaggerating.

Source: Trump, and VT

I'd just like to know how claiming someone is part of the KKK is a "prank" when at the time, the KKK was regarded as a good and normal thing by the majority of whites.

Great start

This rebuild will last longer than War Memorial’s

Justin Fuente left us with nothing. Might be the worst season for us in a very long time. We don’t have much any talent.

You can’t win with 15 penalties and 4 turnovers. If we don’t improve this season, I’m not sure how we’ll win a single game.

[VT is currently 2-2 all-time vs ODspew](http://www.winsipedia.com/virginia-tech/vs/old-dominion)

Well at least tickets should be cheap this year.

I can't fucking believe it happened again. But also I totally can because what else would I expect

wErE A foOTbAlL sCHoOl

At the end of the day … I heard Pry is much better with the community and recruiting wise… it’s a new coaching change, he gets one losing season Imo. Beamer had losing seasons when he started.

Gonna be one long season.

VT should literally and unironically eliminate their football program and everyone that's ever been in the athletics decision-making hierarchy going back to the decision to hire Justin Fuente should be blackballed from the game forever

One day we’ll find a QB, one day…

Hello old friend

I feel bad for Brett Pry. What an awful start to a head coaching tenure

Pain.

I just wanna know WHY he put in grant wells?

We’re a basketball school, the sooner we accept that…

All I saw was grant wells espn profile pic when they announced him as the starter and went “yup, we aren’t winning a game this year”

I thought this was in reference to the current state of the CpE program loo

Literally 10 years from David Wilson to... whatever this is.

In the same season, I sat in Lane when we lost to JMU. Then watched us win the ACC. 


I know this team isn’t deep, and there’s a long ways up- but it’s not over

I haven’t been on campus in nearly 2 years; is War Memorial gym *still* closed?

Pry just needs to take all of his time recruiting this season. Can’t really do much with the players he has now.

JFs gone - Hatin on him does no good

Its a rebuild and its gonna suck - starting with Game 1

Move over UVA, we found our new in-state rivals.

Not anymore

Dude, it's going to take a lot longer than 1 season to come back from this.

The contract extension was much worse than the original hire.  This was always going to be a rebuilding year and one game is one game, but I just don't see how we can compete in the ACC with the level of talent we have now.  And the ACC is weak.

>VT should literally and unironically eliminate their football program

That damn near happened back in 1986 after the  VT athletic scandals that happened under Bill Dooley.

nah its not *that* bad. Our defense was actually solid for most of the game and we're in a pretty deep rebuild. If our new qb and wrs dont improve, they need to be sacked.

They should have kept Fuente and let him play out his contract instead of letting the ignorant fans run him out the building. "Fire Fuente" chants were the rock bottom of this program and your seeing the results.

We did find one a few years ago - his name was hendon hooker. Sadly he was ran off by the coaches and now looks like a heisman contender

It gets better if you stop caring.

Out of the loop. What's wrong with the cpe program

Indefinitely as well :(

It's open now, but they are still doing work on it.

The players lurking the subreddit rn: 🥲

Our defense looked solid because ODU's QB was one of the worst I've ever seen play for an FBS team.

Their defense looked okay because its ODU, would wait til they face an actual team to see if the D can hold up...

>If our new qb and wrs dont improve, they need to be sacked.

Our qb transferred from a sun belt conference team and just lead us (with 4 interceptions) to a loss against a different sun belt conference team. Can't wait to see how he stacks up against the ACC

Why do tech qbs always suck smh

[removed]

Yes 

I remember that viral 'KEEP FUENTE' thread that you started last season - that was Epic. (/s)

Fuente should’ve been gone after the 2020 covid season. He never even should have got the extension

Facts, I miss the “hooker time” t-shirts and the hype around that dude.

Its the cpe program

I feel bad for all the people on campus who still need to go all the way out to a perpetually-packed McComas for a workout… I remember it being a trek just to get there from Pritchard, let alone the dorms near Vawter.

It's really just the skill positions. Defense is ok, O-line gave our QB a decent amount of time, and the rungame was passable.

Agreed. WVU will put up 80 on this squad.

Fair. I still think Pry is the right move, though. There weren't any major coaching mistakes this game, and talent takes time to develop.

true

lots of arm tackling and the many PI penalties shows the DBs can't cover at all

If only we had a QB whisperer coach that could reinvigorate our program!  


Oh wait, that was supposed to be fuente...

Week 6

Just wait until you graduate

*Reason for problem:* I'm in this photo and I don't like it

[deleted]

Add a frame with him standing at the bus stop at Foxridge with a bus passing by with “bus full”

Mcbryde 100 😂😂

Hey Wan is good don’t get it twisted

Too true

Can you post this every week for the next year?

Take out the exercise frame at minimum. Add a kids and commuting frame if you're self-hating enough.

I’m seriously impressed lol. Top notch work OP if this is indeed yours

Nah, Wan is a sad excuse for my boy Bowl Dynasty. I miss it with all my heart. RIP fried rice and pho noodles

Gotta have a relationship before you deal with kids. *taps head*

I already added a commuting frame and I still have two years left.

yay, life is fun

https://media3.giphy.com/media/sA8HUiA09PWtq/source.gif

Coming to bed dear?

And so many bills. 😢

Thank you. It's cool that Hokies are relating on it.

Wan really does kinda suck more than before. Especially the broccoli. There’s literally brown dots and mush on the stems of half the broccoli I get there now

no fried rice

Was that the place there before? I heard they ruined Owens coming into this year.

Whether you dodge a bullet by pulling out some gnarly karate moves or by slipping on a banana peel, you still dodged the bullet.

It can be, but the current "standard" is a terrible mess. But it's not all bad if you are willing to go against the grain a little.

Tbh the only slightly inaccurate part are the insanely packed fitness classes at McComas. By week 6 they’re back to normal.

Everything else though is like tooooo relatable.

8 am labs while hungover on a Friday morning trying to make it through the vortex that is the drill field.

Getting a fantastic frank and/or freshens (sp?) smoothie after your last class a few times per week.

Showing up 5 minutes late for your lecture at McBride 100 and awkwardly finding a seat.

That being said.....take me back

Fill out one of those dining services feedback cards. They take those really seriously in regards to actual actionable feedback.

Hey, I work at Owen's as steamer for that said same broccoli. It's the same source as Bowl Dynasty's broccoli, maybe the steamer didn't cook it well that day? Sorry for that.

Bingo. Only dry noodles

True. For the frame in the classroom squid's got a clarinet so I stuck a vape in his mouth to compensate which is prohibited now but oh well haha.

Oh man that really puts this over the edge

top quality

Virginia Tech Basketball

Lmao

“The haters said it couldn’t be done. And they were right. Honestly great call from the haters.”

LFG!

My thoughts exactly

Great quote. My new life motto.

"Veni, Vidi, Fuimus asinum."

["We came, we saw, we were ass."](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-xMGRA_FePw)

I’d give it an Ass +

This is the correct assessment.

If he wanted to win, he should've never left VCU for VT.  Everyone knew they were going to be ass.  And, yes, they were that bad...mainly by turning it over way too much.

[deleted]

I want to cross-stitch this.

This sums it up…this was the hardest team to watch in a long time.  Was just ugly basically 80% of the time.  How we are not rethinking our coach is beyond me.  He seems like a good coach, but we are failing huge in recruiting and transfers- that is the entire job.  

Saying I dont have enough NIL money is an excuse.  We were not even a top 100 team this year.  Plenty of teams above us with far less money.

Actually what you wrote is "\*I\* came, \*I\* saw, we were ass."  You got the first person past perfect right, but you needed it in the plural.  Also, "fuimus" takes the nominative as its object rather than the accusative, so you want "asinus."  Or, better yet, "gluteus" if you wanna say that we were ass, and not just donkeys.

You want "Venimus, vidimus, fuimus gluteus."

Finally, 25 years later, those three semesters of Latin at Virginia Tech came in handy.  Thanks, Professor Beck!

He followed his coach who took a chance on him with little basketball playing experience when he came to the states in high school. He trusts he will develop him into an NBA prospect and it sure is projecting that way

yeah 

 Rewarding mediocracy with obscene amounts of money is always the answer.

Eh, there were some extenuating circumstances in the recruiting/NIL realm this past season. 

I’m sure there’s somebody who knows the full details better than me, but as I recall we had one crucial transfer that was expected to start that was declared ineligible due to some gambling issues at his last program. Then there was another projected starter that decided to reenter the portal shortly before the transfer period ended, which left the coaches unable to find someone else in time.

I’m inclined to give the coaches at least a little bit of a pass for this season.

Do we not remember that we lost our entire starting 5 and we had a PG de-commit at the last second plus another good player released due to gambling scandals? He has no support from the front office, and the only reason we were not complete ass is because of him.

You do not know what you’re talking about

Losing the starting PG within a week of the start of the season didn't help.

Why the fuck are you getting downvoted lmao

That quote is anything but mediocre. I say $2 mil in NIL

Results are all that matter- that is all just excuses.  Committing to athletes that don’t show up and not having contingencies is a failure of the coaching staff.

3 years of no NCAA bids in a row with losing acc records in those years.  That is not a program that is improving- it is the worst team in his tenure.  

I guess the good news is that it is hard to get worse then this.

Because it’s a silly opinion. VT has been behind most schools in money way before the NIL, we returned 1(?) starter from last year, and aren’t able to pay to recruit higher caliber players. Coaching isn’t the issue, it’s Whit Babcock and saying anything other than that is full blown oblivious.

Correction: Rewarding a very talented athlete who played well below his potential this year millions of $s for a better-than mediocre quote is always the answer.

Meanwhile some school you’ve never heard of will make the sweet 16 this year. But ok sure

It has been 3 years of no tourney bid.  By all standards that is bad.  We were not a top 100 team- that is horrible.  Teams make that lost with no fucking NIL.  I like the guy- but he is not producing and we have been getting worse for 3 seasons.

That’s why they are called Upsets and Cinderella runs, because it’s a team that has no business being there, and gets extremely lucky and you never hear of the again. Remember Loyola Chicago? How have they been doing since there final four run?

Wow, I’m sure that same school probably had equally as hard of a schedule. And will go equally as far next year. FAU In the 23 tournament they made an incredible elite 8 run and then in 24 got absolutely cream pied in the round of 64. But you’re right one off random streaks are an AMAZING judge of a program.

You should clarify that you mean NCAA tournament and you must be in your early 20s since you don't remember the 90s-00s.

I promise you it can be worse, it’s not a coaching issue. Switching coaches is only going to exacerbate the problem. Whit is a dogshit athletics director and it’s the reason why ALL of our programs not just basketball are crumbling. And for the record you are hella spoiled if you think 3 years without a tourney bid is awful. I lived the James Johnson era of VT ball, and this isn’t even remotely close to that level of shitshow.

VTPD Last Night I would like to take a moment to appreciate VTPD last night for their calm and collected approach to making their arrests and not allowing the situation to escalate. 

One student from within the encampment was live-streaming and it showed multiple VTPD officers handing out waters to the protestors (who took the water while actively hurling insults at the very same officer handing them the water). They clearly and calmly answered any and all questions about why they were being detained and exactly what rules were being broken, all while students called them fascists and pigs inches from their faces. 

When the live-streaming student was detained, the officers calmly asked him to stand up to be handcuffed and explained his rights and what he was being detained for, and also assured him it was his right to continue recording if he wanted to. All while the student was screaming in their faces calling them fascists, pigs, saying they should be ashamed for doing their jobs. 

As we have seen all over the media and some of us in real life, some police officers will escalate situations like these for whatever reason. VTPD kept the situation under control and didn’t allow any insults to push them into escalating a situation like some shitty cops do.

Saw a girl in GLC posting on the 2027 snap story about how loud it was at 2 AM. Feel bad for anyone who lives there trying to sleep or study

Cops did a great job last night actually. They kept everything from escalating and there was a bunch of people there last night that came to riot, hell there was even a couple who were actively trying to get people to rush the police line.

Despite all the horror stories about police, one should realize that the majority of them are simply people living their lives, doing their jobs to earn a wage to support their loved ones and families. 
(I am not in any way or ever have been affiliated with any law enforcement agency.)

Sometimes I wish good cops got more exposure. VTPD has always been well-received, cordial, and up front in what they do. Every time I've encountered both VTPD and Blacksburg Police, they've been friendly and are mainly looking out for the students and community.

I’m not usually one to go out of my way to support cops or police officers. It’s definitely a broken system that needs to be fixed on many levels. But that’s a whole other thing. But I have never had a poor experience with VTPD. They have always been great and genuine.

2008 grad here. I love seeing love for the VTPD, and am glad they’re maintaining the “quiet professional” mentality that they did during our chaos.

I'm usually full ACAB, but I definitely respect the police for keeping their composure and not letting things escalate. From the stream and videos, they weren't shoving people to the ground or beating them to compliance, I don't even think I saw one person wrestled into cuffs. Cops didn't go out there in riot gear ready for a fight either. They went in, announced they were going to start arresting people, gave them a chance to leave on their own, then set up a perimeter of the illegal gathering and moved in slowly and methodically as the protesters sat and waited to be cuffed and put in a van.

With that said, this should be the baseline of what's expected out of police. Instead, our baseline is more violent across the country. It's expected for people to get beat and for many to end up injured or in the hospital on both sides.

I appreciate -- I REALLY do -- that the cops last night kept their calm and treated everyone with professionalism and respect. I would like to see more of that from policing in the United States.

But I do take issue with the overall tone of this post and I think it's worth calling it out. Perhaps unintentionally, /u/lizthekidig seems to be suggesting that these cops went above and beyond their duty in their composure last night.

This could not be further from the truth.

Police enter every interaction with the ability to bring overwhelming deadly force to bear. Not only that, but the legal structures that surround their profession excuse and, in many cases encourage them to lean on that. The VT cops last night -- armed with tazers, night-sticks, zip-ties, and handguns -- faced peaceful protesters armed with words.  They didn't crack any skulls or shoot anyone, true, but if we regard that as admirable we may as well be congratulating an NFL linebacker for not choosing violence when a 6 year old fan tells him he sucks.  

Yes, VT police acted with professionalism and compassion while carrying out their duties last night.  But we should **always** expect that of police.  It should not be exceptional when that happens; it shouldn't even warrant mention.  Just as we would expect a waiter not to spit in our food or a plumber not to flood our house, we should expect a police officer handle their job and the awesome responsibility it entails without resorting to unnecessary violence.

Yes, some unkind things were said about those officers. But, if you've ever been in a retail or food-service establishment you'll know that unkind things are often said to people just trying to do their jobs in those places as well. We don't congratulate retail and food service workers for not beating, tazing, or shooting the customers and we shouldn't congratulate cops for showing the same restraint.

I can tell you, being a public servant is one of the worst jobs in this country right now and it doesn’t stop at being a police officer. It is so hard to show constraint and not stoop to peoples levels. Remember that PD are still underpaid public servants, the internet has done a really good job of absolutely dehumanizing everyone that works in government and enforcement. You couldn’t pay me enough to take their job right now, and it’s a necessary one regardless of how people feel about it.

Kudos to the police for getting them TFO.

Everyone has a right to protest their beliefs. But acting out in a way where you’re screaming at people for DOING THEIR JOB, get a grip.

Holy shit this generation is DOOMED. Of course protestors did not want to be removed from the lawn, it’s called a PROTEST for a reason. I cannot give props to a department or administration that removes a peaceful protest for any reason. Everyone here is acting like it’s totally unjustifiable that anyone on the lawn stayed after whatever arbitrary time VT posted they should leave by. Do none of you understand the meaning of civil disobedience? This is a huge failure from VT to not engage at all in any discourse with the protestors who have very real and reasonable demands. It seems a great majority of the VT populace is totally fine with Tech’s resources going to companies that enable genocide.

Free Palestine

I graduated 8 years ago but these “protestors” are an embarrassment and a stain to the Tech brand. Thankfully, the administration is much more rational than other universities and shut this down pretty quickly.

[removed]

deovbma lkuglluavd dpbaqxcqkm eybtoqfz

i mean if the police are going to violate my first amendment right to peacefully protest i would really only care if they did so calmly or not. vt is spitting out some S tier centrists.

students are enraged and they have a right to be. i have the right to be upset at police for stoping a peaceful protest. i have the right to be upset that these police, whether it's their job or not, are acting against something that is important. they, the police, will always be wrong in a situation as such in my eyes. 

i was there last night. i agree the police were calm for the most part. however, there were multiple officers that taunted us on squires lawn. removing free palestine posters for no reason, waving the flag and other posters at us and laughing as they bring it back to their car. i ask why? why did you behave in such a manner? why did you remove those? they weren't in your way. why did you kick and shove peoples personal belongs for no reason? literally no reason at all. 

you may not agree with me. and i do not mind that you don't. i stand firmly that those students should have been left to continue protesting, especially when they weren't being disruptive or violent in any way at all. some mention that us in squires lawn "came to riot." we did not. we came to be loud and show our solidarity with the protesters and to make sure vtpd knows we do not agree with them. 

history has its eyes on us, and you can choose to be on whichever side you wish to be. on the side of liberation or on the side of oppression. your choice.

so we’re praising cops for doing the bare minimum…

Ty for doing your job 🥱

Yes the fascists were nice about it so let's thank them as they take us to the gulag. Good fucking lord some people...

[removed]

Everyone keeps acknowledging VTPD but what nobody realizes is that last night was coordinated with multiple agencies. Montgomery sheriff PD, State PD, VTPD and Blacksburg PD was all on scene

You can blame Sands and the police for that. Protesters would have been asleep if the VTPD were not actively arresting people at that hour. It was also the police who kept their spotlights and flashers on until the early hours of the morning.  
  
Also, while the protest had been going on for days and the police had been on scene for days, it took them until late at night to be prepared to move on the encampment. Even then, they lacked sufficient numbers of police, as well as equipment to deal with it with any kind of efficiency. They had to leave multiple times to secure civilian vehicles for transport. They ran out of flex cuffs once or twice. They did not have magistrates on hand to process arrestees. By six am, a number of arrested protesters were given court summons and released (couldn't have just planned to do that from the beginning?) after being kept awake all night with hands flex cuffed behind their backs.

In contrast to the disorganized and unprepared VTPD and in direct contrast to the spurious pretense of 'public safety' concerns, the protest was well organized and exceedingly safe. There was no violence. There were no drugs or alcohol or intoxicated persons. There was ample food, water, sunscreen, and medical supplies. Food was labelled properly and stored safely. There were hygiene and hand washing stations. Many wore covid masks, up until arrests began, because any face covering can lead to a felony charge in a protest. There were multiple medics and legal observers on site, clearly identifiable by their clothing. 

In their crusade for 'public safety' the first act of the VTPD was to arrest one of the medics.

There was literally less than zero threat to public safety before the police action. I say less than zero because there were actual medical personnel and supplies, so the area was technically safer than under normal unoccupied circumstances. 

The only public safety issue here was the police action. And, yes, they could have been much worse in executing their orders. The cop who was giving out water was not unfriendly, but he also did not hesitate to arrest and incarcerate peaceful protesters. I know a lot of decent humans who are law enforcement, and we can love and respect each other as human beings, but they know how I feel too. When we say ACAB, part of what we mean is that there is no way to be an active agent of an incarceral state and still be the good guys.

Finally, one of the pretenses being reported as basis for breaking up the camp was that the lawn had been reserved through proper channels for an event yesterday. Despite protesters, many of whom had been kept awake and cuffed all night, returning to clear and fully clean up the lawn early in the morning, the lawn remained empty all day, surrounded by police tape and unusable by any students. 

So, while I am glad that the police were mostly polite and were not more violent, let's not pretend like they were not the sole source of problems and the sole reason for disturbance until the wee hours. Shame.

[removed]

I'm just glad no one got hurt. Y'all have the right to protest, but be reasonable about it. I watched Officer Crouse die in 2011 on campus from some crazy shit and we don't need any more of that. Be respectful, stand for what you believe in, be safe. That's it. We are all just people at the end of the day trying to do the best we can. Students and officers included.

[deleted]

All cops are complicit

[deleted]

I remember one time I talked to them to report something suspicious that I thought could lead to some harm to students (fortunately nothing bad happened) and they carefully explained to me why what I was saying wasn't within their jurisdiction and they couldn't do anything about it, but then made sure to have an officer call me back to tell me every option I had to ensure the students involved were safe and went out of his way to make sure I knew I was doing the right thing. Other jurisdictions usually just brush off cases outside of their jurisdiction and make you feel stupid for even saying anything

Yeah, I literally watched a girl on the lawn last night leave the group to run over to her closed bag, open it, pull something out, and run back over to the crowd. The officers all turned and stared at her and went “oh you’re coming back? What do you have in your hand?” And the girl went “ha ha I just needed a marker” and the cops said “don’t run over to bags without telling us what you’re doing next time”.

Cops with less of a level head or situational awareness skills could have shot that girl for potentially getting a weapon out of her bag, as we’ve seen happen all the time with traffic stops other police encounters shared on the internet

No, I agree that they did the literal bare minimum of their jobs by treating the people they are sworn to protect and serve with respect and dignity. I just think that with how often the horrible abusive cops are highlighted in media, the ones who do their jobs correctly should also be highlighted. 

Especially with VTPD who almost solely serve the Virginia Tech campus, I think it’s important to acknowledge that most of those particular officers are some of the good ones who do their jobs correctly. On a college campus where students may need to reach out to VTPD to report a crime, to ask for help, or even ask for a ride home with their Ride Safe program, it’s important to me to recognize that these particular cops WILL treat you will respect and that students here can still rely on them to help and protect them.

I think part of the reason police feel the need to be so heavily armed is because of the whole police vs public issues occuring across the US right now. Not defending the police in their choices of what to bring to a protest by any means, it's definitely accessive, but based on recent events, crowds have become more unpredictable than protests throughout history.

rhythm theory oatmeal cow chase fear axiomatic oil escape late

 *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev/home)*

I feel so bad for anyone who lives in GLC trying to study/sleep/work on their thesis who were kept up until at least 3am

With civil disobedience comes the acceptance that you can and will be arrested for disobeying. That’s part of what makes protests so powerful, that they are willing to risk being arrested or attacked by police for the cause. I was just highlighting that our particular police force handled the situation very calmly, which cannot be said for police in other college campuses where similar protests are taking place

Do they not teach people anything at school anymore? People live in the GLC. They were being loud and obnoxious. They were asked to leave, they said no. Pretty simple stuff.

This protest is dumb.  Even though the atrocities committed by Hamas on Oct 7th don't justify the degree of the Israeli bombing campaign of Gaza, which has resulted in unnecessary civilian casualties, what is occurring in Gaza is not genocide.  The IDF are not rounding up Palestinians going back to their bombed out homes in northern Gaza and firing squadding them into mass graves like the Einsatzgruppen did to the Jews of Eastern Europe.  The apartheid that is happening in Gaza and the West Bank is wrong and should be addressed.  Calling the IDF conduct genocide though is where this movement is losing public support.

From Hamas

Protesters not “protesters” & this is what free speech looks like. It’s pretty wild that the police got involved at all

They should not have to be but right now they kinda have to be. By acknowledging this it helps to bring it a spotlight to how cops act and encourages them to act the way they should. I talk about the issues with the current American police regularly, but at the end up of the day we need some kind of police force trained and professional in public protection. You bring up capitalism, and I dislike American capitalism as much as the next guy, it’s terrible. But I’m pretty sure every country has some form of police, and need we one too. So, in an effort of improving the police force nationwide, we should recognize when they act correctly, not only abhorrently.

Hey buzzword jockey, go be a shitty alum somewhere else

So many complaints about capitalism, it’s very easy to live somewhere else…

Complains about capitalism while typing on a phone compiled from cheap labor lol.

Your right to protest doesn’t mean you’re allowed to break other laws in the process, it just means they can’t arrest you for the words you’re saying

“The side of liberation or oppression” Jesus Christ you think your in a Marvel movie. You play geopolitics like a fucking musical. I can’t believe someone like this makes it into VT

So stunning, so brave. Thank you for shouting at the clouds and creating real change in Gaza. We shall all remember you for generations to come.

When the majority of media attention given to police these days is demonstrating the shitty, abusive cops hiding in plain sight? Yes.

Any time I see people label others as “nazis,” “fascists,” or “commies,” I immediately know they don’t know what they’re talking about and resort to emotional rather than logical discussions in their daily life.

Can’t confirm if true, but read in another thread the protesters had an allotted time on the GLC lawn and were notified that action would be taken if they stayed past that time. Apparently the protesters decided instead to call in more people to stay past said time, which regardless of side is clear antagonization and destroys their credibility (if true). Would appreciate if someone can corroborate/correct/refute this

My Aerospace Engineer Roommate Got This For Our Apartment

[deleted]

That reminds me of a joke they published in the collegiate times when I graduated. 

Four engineers are in a car driving. One Mechanical, one chemical, one electrical, one computer scientist. Car breaks down. 

Mechanical engineer:  I heard the engine straining and we need to replace the pistons

Chemical:  no you heard that because something clearly got into our gas tank and has contaminated our fuel. 

Electrical:  it’s the alternator. It needs to be replaced. 

Everyone looks at the computer science major who says:  “Well, maybe we all get out of the car and get back in?”

Kills me every time

I remember being an undergrad and really getting offended by this. My goto defense was ,"well I'm in the College of Engineering too and I take more math classes than you guys." That wasn't much of a defense and my other engineering majors weren't convinced of the rigor of my major. 

But then I got multiple job offers with salaries starting above $100,000 while all the other engineering majors were lucky to get one in the mid 70s, and then I quickly stopped giving a shit about what people thought of the difficulty of my major. The vast majority of the time, CS majors win in the end.

Well..there’s software engineering.....

I got banned from club penguin for saying “sup fuckers” smh

My son loves that! Where can I buy one?

That looks oddly familiar 🧐

I'll propose an unpopular position:
Computer Science is mostly engineering, w/o the rigor of the other engineering disciplines.
(I mean, there is rigor in the classes/topics, but what CS people do day-to-day is "let me try this approach; measure it; then tweak and try again".  Without the protocols and procedures that other, licensed, engineers have to go through, to show rigor.)

[Sure, Theoretical Computer Science stands on its own, but that's not what 95% of practicing software engineers do.]

link pls

Software engineering was an engineering practice before agile took over! As a SE graduate I agree that SE and CE are very different with other engineering practices.

Almost all other engineers use same laws of physics and math they were using 100 years ago , that’s not the case with SE it changes every few year

Hmmm

I was going to say that there's a PE Software exam, so I could consider whoever went out of their way to get certified as a software engineer as an engineer. [Then I learned that the PE Software exam was discontinued.](https://ncees.org/engineering/pe/software/)

So yeah, software engineering is not really engineering.

I do “software engineering”

[deleted]

Jesus Christ that must’ve hurt for that 1/3

Two engineers are meeting in the park for lunch. One arrives on a bicycle the other doesn't recognize.

"Where'd you get the bike?" he asks.

"Well it was the weirdest thing. A woman rode up to be on it, hopped off, tore off her clothes and said 'take what you want!' So I took the bike."

"Good call," the other said, nodding. "The clothes probably wouldn't have fit."

What did the ISE major say?

The funny part too is that these days cars have [millions of lines of code](https://www.quora.com/How-many-lines-of-code-are-in-a-car), though it wasn't too long ago when cars had zero lines of code lol.

This is what makes me laugh when I see these. I'm working in a dual environment making 6 figures out of college loving my job with flexible hours lots of paid leave and great benefits and all my ae friends are overworked making barely 70.

Work smart not hard

I mean nobody can shit on anyone in the college of engineering because all of you guys make good money so

That's the joke

> Without the protocols and procedures that other, licensed, engineers have to go through to show rigor.

You mean security standards and protocols?

A lot of physical science engineers don’t see software engineers on the same level because anyone can put anything online but not just anyone is allowed to build a road or a car. But simply publishing a piece of software means nothing. Building software for banks, or governments, or any software that moves physical objects, it all has professional licenses and organizations and procedures.

They have test engineers and system analysts for that

Former software engineer of 10 years, current electrical engineer of 10 years.   Would definitely say if you get a PE, it's real engineering.  Computer engineering, also real engineering.  Software engineering, very valid career path, but it did seem like "advanced problem solving."

Marchman took no prisoners.

Wow

To be fair, Tech does offer Computer Engineering and Computer Science as separate majors. There is still a lot of programming in Computer Engineering but it puts more focus on hardware.

I was somewhat joking. The only reason the software engineering PE test was discontinued was lack of people taking it, not lack of legitimacy as an engineering profession.

That's kind of the rub, though. From my understanding, the rigor of the PE is there in cases where someone needs to be there to sign off that a system or artifact will not fail. Generally, these are situations in which failure has dire consequences for human life.

There are certainly cases in which human life is at risk in case of software failure, such as medical devices, but they are rarities. There are more commonly cases where the economic cost is great, but the economic cost of demanding rigor would be far greater. The economics of the situation demand that software development not be a rigorous field.

There could potentially be a discipline of "software engineering" that services those life critical situations, but its practice would have some radical departures from current practices to allow a person to stake their career on a piece of software not failing when someone's life is on the line.

I say all this as someone who graduated with a degree in mechanical engineering, but has been a software developer since graduating and has the job title software engineer.

Yep, absolutely

This is an excellent point of view.  I have my PE, and recognize it's largely superficial in most careers/industries.  I also recognize that software engineering isn't just a cakewalk. It's not easy in any way shape or form. It's just different.  

One major difference I experienced working in two careers is that software engineering changes and adapts much faster than physical forms of engineering. Some of the core concepts will always be true... but to remain on the cutting edge, there is a greater emphasis on new technology, with a much shorter half life.  In mechanical engineering, torque is torque, and an electrical ohm's law will never change. But the way software is constantly being rewritten in different languages and through different methodologies, (i.e. quantum computing), it requires a different set of ever-changing skills.

> cases in which human life is at risk in case of software failure

And most of these cases are under the umbrella of control systems, which still has its own PE exam.

The weirdest thing about controls is that despite the importance placed on safety and reliability, unit testing is still a pretty foreign concept.

The fast past learning and change is one of the reasons the pay is so good for CS Compared to traditional civil engineers, etc.

I think in this case, market demand dictates rates.  

I left my Software career behind after 10 years not only because I was being outpaced by recent college graduates or prodigies that were learning on newer platforms (I was unwilling to spend all my spare time learning said new platforms) but also because they were coming to the industry at much lower pay levels than established.  I was in the low 6 figure range and people were coming in with quicker more adaptable skill sets in the 60k-70k range (this was 2004 or so.)   


That said, I do love the demand that exists for Electrical Engineers currently! Fewer of us than most, and even fewer that go into construction consulting.

CS Majors should definitely get a minor in ECE Cyber and a Math Minor.  I tilted my career to cyber 6 years ago.

There is generally a point where a person’s skills elevate them to where they’re not best positioned playing an instrument, but conducting the orchestra. By that, I mean managing.

This really opened my eyes

Holy shit all those rewards

“Look at all those chickens!”

I've never seen a post with so many rewards before..

The drillfield right now actually has stripes mowed in it. Appreciate the extra effort Service crew!

WHO AWARDED YOU THAT MUCH

Ryan you really had to give him all of your awards, huh?

Who vomited awards all over the post?

Before the dark times Pt. 5

Oh man.... That feeling :(

Too real

You truly hate to see it

I graduated just before all of this become so mainstreamed. I don't know if I am lucky or not.

He strikes again

Wait, are you the same guy who....

Fuck yeah bitch ;)

Lemme buy you a beer

Better be a ho house 32 ounce :)

Comin right up

Glad to see the gospel being shared on the drillfield

We simply have to wait for a girl with the bravery to PROVE them wrong, right on the drillfield.

VT Fraternity and Sorority Life has entered the chat.

I assume this is a pledge thing?

I think they secretly have a fetish and really hope a girl will prove them wrong.  I'd just roll up with my phone and show them two girls one cup.  Boom.

TO WHOEVER DID THIS: I'm the first guy that sat down with you, please message me! We've got unfinished business.

Literally looking at this while I’m pooping

I really want to see a bunch of people walking up and handing them large cut outs of the letter F.

YAF recruiting is getting tough

Skip to 0:16 

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IJ0JTAnvKFo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IJ0JTAnvKFo)

Give me an hour and I’ll prove you wrong

Is that the college Republicans club?

Girls? Inhumane. Not even animals.

[deleted]

[deleted]

But this is impossible, brother. They don't have anooses.

I don't see a White Diamond so it ain't mine.

[deleted]

Yes, they were pledges for Kappa Alpha. They school found out and the fraternity got in trouble for hazing.

Came here to say the same thing.  Def proposed by someone with a fetish.

Omg an afghan hokie??

Alright, I've gotta ask. How did the conversation go?

One of us!

College of Humor Science

Is it shit if it hasnt left tho?

Pretty sure the Hahn garden shows how successful Virginia Tech's horticulture program is. That and all the successful alumni in the horticulture industry across the US. 
The drillfield is.. a field. Not a golf course. The Hort Dept has nothing to do with it.

[deleted]

Doctor here. That’s actually really incorrect. Can’t tell if you’re serious or just joking around so let me educate. Girls actually do have anuses, much like men still have nipples. Girls just can’t pee and poop. You see, pee and poop are stored in the balls, that’s why you have two of them. You can figure out which one is which by punching yourself as hard as you can in one testicle and seeing what comes out.

Could be technically true if pledging.

yup, there are a few of us.

Him: yo girls got anuses

Them: na fam

Him: bruh

Also the drillfield is trampled over by cadets doing their cadet things, students going to class, bikes, and more... what exactly do they expect the horticulture department to do about that lmfao...

How are your right? It’s called a drought.

>You can figure out which one is which by punching yourself as hard as you can in one testicle and seeing what comes out.

Which one is red?

Username checks out

Name checks out

I'm just picturing Sands sending all the Hort professors onto the drillfield to patrol it and keep students off the grass OR ELSE. And the profs go and kind of wander around but eventually end up planting gardens and building small greenhouses in random locations or making wildflower arrangements or admiring tree bark and giving out extra credit. Might be kind of nice actually.

To the blonde driver of a sky blue Volkswagen Beetle I (brunette in the silver Dodge Charger) went to the Starbucks on Main St. today and got my order at around 1:40 from the drive-thru. I let in a blonde driver of a sky blue Volkswagen Beetle go in front of me in the drive-thru line after three cars didn’t let her in. When I pulled up to the window to get my order, the cashier told me that the person in front of me had paid for my order.

I just wanted to say thank you so much to whoever the driver was. That made my day and I am still shocked and heart-warmed at what happened. In the middle of this COVID-19 crisis, you restored my faith in humanity. Thank you so much for your random act of kindness! We need more people like you in the world! ♥️

Lmao title had me thinking it was gonna be the complete opposite tone

Thanks for the wholesome, OP 💜

To OP, no hon, we need more people like YOU in the world. Patience when in a car does wonders to everyone's peace of mind :)

I, welcome these wholesome moments

>Brunette with a charger

Marry me?

[deleted]

The hokie community makes me proud everyday. If only the administration of VT felt like behaving towards the rest of us the way we tend to treat one another.

[deleted]

Did you pay it forward?

How many people did she cut in line, besides you?

Was she good looking? A lot of people like that truly consider the time in their lives to be more valuable than the rest of us.

Me too. I was convinced this was going to be a "you slammed your door into my car, and didn't leave insurance information." But then it was so much more wholesome. Made me smile. :)

Oh god I see what you mean; my bad!! 😂😝

I was expecting the them to have left their lights on

SAME LMAO Karen was ab to pop offf

Anyone else kinda disappointed? I can't be the only one. /s

Aw, thank you so much— you’re the sweetest! ♥️

😂♥️

♥️

Preach, Hokie! ♥️👏🏼

Just did!

I honestly should’ve. I didn’t think to do it at the time because I was taken aback, but I think I’ll go ahead and go back tomorrow and tip the cashier the cost of my order or something like that.

I’m sorry in advance if I misunderstood your point, but what I’m hearing is that she inherently wanted to cut in front of people because she thought she was superior and deserved special treatment (basically a Karen).

I’m going to immediately jump to her defense on this one. There were two entrances to the drive-thru line and she had been waiting very patiently for a long time to get in from the second entrance. She had just as much of a right to enter at the time that the cars ahead of me did, but they simply ignored her and didn’t let her in. I fail to see how her looks may have influenced my decision to let her in...

You sound like an incel buddy

I came for coffee,  not to pay a deductible!

Just kidding,  enjoying the wholesome posts!

😂👏🏼

👍🏽👍🏽 Or just buy for the person behind you next time you hit the drive thru. Maybe it'll start a chain. Ive seen this happen for hours sometimes with people buying for the next person, or at least until the last person in line.

Ok, well I don't know what this dual entrance drive thru is, but the OP makes it sound like he let her cut the line.

???

Why would you think that?

That sounds awesome!! I’ll definitely try and contribute to that tomorrow morning

Lmao I’m a female actually, and straight if that makes you feel any better. Hope you have a good rest of your day, Bud!

Person 1 lets person 2 in front of them, person 2 pays for person 1’s order. That’s all that was said

What you GOT from it:

1) That person 1 gave a fuck about what person 2 looked like, 
2) That person 2 had a superiority complex because they were pretty and thought they were more valuable as a person

All in all you looked to make it as negative as you possibly could, which would’ve made me just think you’re a negative shithead, but the fact that you seem to have a grudge against pretty women screams “I’m an incel” to me

👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼

> Person 1 lets person 2 in front of them

How does that even happen in a Drive Thru? How many people are behind person 1 waiting in line??

I've never seen a Drive Thru like this!

Thanks, my man

Lol you’ve probably not seen the drive through lines at Chick-fil-A these days that wrap around the building multiple times. Could’ve been a fuckload behind the first person. 

And idk man, I wouldn’t let someone in cuz I’m a greedy hungry bastard, but this person did and they got rewarded for it and they’re sharing about it

This is actually the second time the Reddit mob has downvoted me for commenting on Drive-Thru etiquette and then the OP describes some kind of bizarre traffic flow for a drive thru, and why it isn't really cutting. 

I don't care. I DON'T LIKE LINE CUTTERS.

I don’t like line cutters either, but it wasn’t cutting, the person who “cut” was LET IN

Furthermore fucked up drive-through’s are common post-corona 

Further furthermore you didn’t get downvoted over the cutting bullshit

You got downvoted for the fact that you immediately fixated on “Guy simps for girl who thinks she’s high and mighty, and I don’t like it” makes you seem like an 

I N C E L

When the genders weren’t even included in the original post and on top of that, the one you thought was a dude was a straight girl

It's not cutting, it's a merge situation, from two valid lanes.

Ok... So no problem then. 

Once more - I DON'T LIKE LINE CUTTING.

And also - Blonde ladies are not special.

That sounds like a crazy drive thru.

Once more, I feel a primal need to make you understand that you’re not being downvoted because you “don’t like linecutting”

And also, I’m ashamed to share a hobby with your dumb ass

Riling you is fun af tho

Have you ever been to Chick-fil-A in Christiansburg? It will blow your mind.

Main Street circa 1930’s

*Hails Sharkey’s bartender* “I would like 4 long islands and a room for the night”

Were cars not as wide back then or did the streets get slimmer through the years?

The lyric would be off to the right, that’s a good piece of history still there if one is interested. Haunted too apparently. Still a good movie experience to attend once or twice, usually independent small budget films are shown there.

[Similar photo taken at the same time](https://i.imgur.com/87QN9fB.jpg)

Seems like a good place for a traffic light.

Intriguing! Thanks for sharing!

Probably couldn't get the long islands before 1933 :)

interesting, i didn’t know it supposedly haunted! i haven’t seen a movie there yet but i’ll have to go once covid is over with.

f

Yep, I’m always a paranormal enthusiast, there’s not much in the area but the lyric is one. Apparently a worker in the early 1900s died etc. The duck pond is another history point on campus.

I worked the Lyric booth during Steppin Out one summer and was chatting with the other volunteer about the super generic ghost story origin with a construction worker dying when the building went up. Later that day a woman was flipping through the photo books and said she had a connection to the theater--her grandfather had fallen off a wall and died in 1929. We were so stunned that we did not ask her name.

&#x200B;

Just a few years ago, I babysat a group of students doing a paranormal investigation. They had flashlights and voice recorders for EVP. I put a group behind the screen and another in the letter room under the balcony. We later came back together and gathered in the balcony as I turned off all the lights. The leader asked everyone to sit on the floor so as to not pick up the squeaky seats during the EVP session. After about 20 minutes of asking, Is anyone there? What's your name? Why are you here? the leader said, Unless anyone has more questions, I think we're done. Suddenly you could hear the very distinct sound of someone getting our a a seat. The springs squeaked and the seat cushion flipped up. Everyone turned their flashlights on and everyone was still sitting on the floor.

can you expand on the duck pond history?

whoa.

Yea, the best chance for EVPs is to use a recorder, ask the question and just leave the room. Let it run for a bit

Drapers meadow massacre, I don’t know where but I think there’s a plaque on site but yea that is the exact location of what used to be drapers meadow in the mid to late 1700s. At that time it was the edge of western settlement so Indians (Shawnee) attacked etc. literally the duck pond site, the duck pond today was actually created last century but naturally the site was a meadow, there’s a river that runs under the drill field. Even the local roads bear some history like Toms creek etc.

Also the Shawnee attacked other Indians. It’s easy to think “we were encroaching in their land” but they were also nomadic. The Cherokee are probably the native land holders

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Draper%27s_Meadow_massacre

>Drapers meadow massacre, I don’t know where but I think there’s a plaque on site but yea that is the exact location of what used to be drapers meadow in the mid to late 1700s.

The plaque is just off the edge of Smithfield Road across from the Corps of Cadets obstacle course.  It is attached to a large stone hidden in a clump of bushes and is easily missed.

Thanks, I remember seeing it when I was a student there. The duck pond is not natural, the local creeks are. Still a nice addition to the campus. Apparently feeding the ducks is bad though. Friends of mine used to do that.

Edging Club at Virginia Tech? My roommate (18M) and I (19M) just finished a sesh of our own and we were wondering if it exists? If not, why hasn’t one been started? Would garner a lot of interest. 

I did it competitively in high school (actually ended up winning the West Virginia state championship) and would love to continue in college

There used to be a club, but I heard that they finished.

[deleted]

First rule of edge club…

>actually ended up winning the West Virginia state championship

Grats! Me and my sister took second place.

I wanna know what YOU mean by edging...

Welp, that's enough internet for today.

Wait, you can compete in that?!?!? I'm gonna get all the NIL money.

there is but you can't come

I aspire to be this self confident some day

Oh…?

>

>and would love to continue in college

You fucking mad man...

Currently edging at the moment. Been a long 2 hour session, trying to stay strong.

I am so confused

👁️🫦👁️

I'm horrified

when i went there we just played sports, went hiking, and grilled out in our free time.. now yall want to learn how to maintain lawn perimeters for fun. power to ya

Excuse me?

I feel like I might not know what edging means.

I am game to join. I just got my [EOM 3000](https://maustec.io/collections/edge-o-matic-base-units/products/eom3k) and am ready to train!

Let me know if you make one I'll transfer.

Where is OP with the explanation?

Edging?  Hmm…. 😂😂😂

🤨📸

Most normal conversation at Virginia tech

First rule of edge club is don’t talk about edge club.

Why couldn't I get this guy for a roommate instead of a homophobic gym rat?

You landscaping or manscaping?

RemindMe! 2 Days. I have to figure out what OP is looking for lmaoooo

[deleted]

You guys may want to explore a few of the places downtown.

Can’t wait until OP posts a comment about like, weed eaters.

You  jerk off with your roomate?

Incredible things are happening at V Tech

What is edging? I looked it up on google, but then you were doing this competitively?? Is there a different definition of edging?

No idea what edging is.. too afraid to web search it

I love edging

Clearly this guy and his rm are in horticulture and like to edge the sidewalks and garden plots, you know, trim the grass back.  Didn’t know they had competitions but maybe he can organize a team

[deleted]

Lmaooo goated comment

😂😂

This is one of those comments that deserves more than 1 upvote per username. I may just create a throwaway to upvote again.

Hey Dad!

It's gotta be some masonry work club or or Microsoft thing or else I might EXPLODE

There was a very similar question like this maybe 8-10 months ago, it got similar responses

Never finish the sentence

Roll Tide!

Happy pumpkin season to you and yours

Start today, say something out of pocket

I will be messaging you in 2 days on [**2023-10-27 13:08:00 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2023-10-27%2013:08:00%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://www.reddit.com/r/VirginiaTech/comments/17fr7cz/edging_club_at_virginia_tech/k6e0kxd/?context=3)

[**3 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK**](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FVirginiaTech%2Fcomments%2F17fr7cz%2Fedging_club_at_virginia_tech%2Fk6e0kxd%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202023-10-27%2013%3A08%3A00%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%2017fr7cz)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|

Where's that guy who was looking for a sperm bank in a thread earlier this week?

I built an Igloo outside Price Hall

I finished building it Tuesday 1/27 but I figured a lot of people haven’t seen it yet who might want to.  Negligible melting so far.

This one took 18 hours working alone, about the same as the one I made last year in the same spot: 
https://www.instagram.com/p/DGOlVG1TMiw/

https://news.vt.edu/art/2025/february/doodle-feb-17-2025.html

This will probably be my last igloo here as I’m graduating in the spring.  It was fun to make!

Edit: It lasted until 2/18.  22 days, not bad!

Oh you built it! I passed it a lot in the last couple days. Went there once at night to sit and listen to music while it was snowing outside too. Very well done, I honestly thought it was made by a team or with heavy machinery.

I captured a 3d scan of it last week, nice work!

https://superspl.at/view?id=1ce91528

Nice! I wish I had pictures of our giant snow fort/cigar lounge we built on shanks in the 2010 blizzard!

Rent $1,200/ month

Hell yeah

Nice job! I saw one of those last year even with the minimal snow we got. I'm going to check this one out.

Thanks! I’m a townie but would love to take my kids to see it!

After sitting in there for some time, do you start to feel warm?

THANK YOU!! You are the GOAT.

This is too cool wow

Very cool

A cave of snow😂

Perfectly shaped lol

Congrats!!

I met you last year in front of the igloo, and was so happy to see it back this year. Great work!! and it brings lots of joy to us townies running through campus. Congrats on your upcoming graduation!

Just made by a hobbyist 😄.  I’m glad people can enjoy it!

that is too cool!!!

What did you use to capture this?

Also why does it look like when Frodo puts on the ring?

Thanks!  That one was from me as well 😄.  Only 3.5” accumulation is needed to make an igloo - that’s the minimum amount where I can shovel it off the ground without getting grass/dirt in it.

The colder it is outside, the bigger the temperature difference can be.  With past igloos, if I mostly cover the door it can get to ~40F from my body heat.  If it’s 40F outside then that’s not doing much for me, but if it’s 0F outside, then 40 feels delightful.  And blocking the wind makes it feel warmer even when I first walk in.

It's a [gaussian splat ](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gaussian_splatting)


Process: Cell phone video, walked around a bit. Used ffmpeg to segment it into photos, then [COLMAP ](https://colmap.github.io/) to build a dataset to dump into [brush ](https://github.com/ArthurBrussee/brush). Then light editing in [supersplat](https://superspl.at/) to clean up a little and post to their viewer.


Looks like the shadow realm due to forgetting to set my video to 4k, image quality really matters for a clean scene.

Very cool, thanks

Yo when tf is Deet's gonna be done with the big room that's my study spot 😤

Got my PhD a couple weeks ago, and I honestly still don’t know which door to take most of the time :P

Mcbryde exists in a parallel dimension where left is right and right is fuck you you're at Turner now.

Best use of this gif I have ever seen. I learned which way I was going by looking at the room numbers and which corners had vending machines.

McBryde is the math building, and they somehow designed it using non-Euclidean geometry.

I've walked an embarrassing amount of circles in McBryde

Freshman year I legitimately could not find my way out of Major Williams one time and lowkey began panicking thinking I’d entered a dimensional portal or some shit, there was absolutely nobody in the hallways or staircases either

Haha! Oh man I did that all 4 years and still would get the wrong door at least once a week!

Ironic that its a compass rose! Maybe they need N S E W placarded again on the doors as well :P

i ALWAYS forget which way the numbers are and make huge circles because every professor closes the door and i can’t peak in and cheat

That building is a straight health hazard.

Me when I get my orienteering merit badge from finding my way around McBryde

Apparently deet's it's going to be done with the side room next semester,  :(

Made me audibly laugh,
Thank you !

No b/c McBryde is a menace 🤚🏽

it’s off-axis from the rest of campus because it’s on the compass rose and our tiny human brains can’t comprehend

Haha, good one

Hi, Deets staff here. Deets is currently undergoing a renovation. We will close over break and will not open again until September. The side room should be back sometime that fall semester. The renovations themselves are expected to conclude early Spring of 2023.

Oh, congratulations on the PhD!

Gotta start bringing a compass to class

Forgot to respond — thanks! :) definitely happy to be done with it!

They used to have the compass points on the floor in corners.In the area where the walls have the chamfers. They were pretty useful.

Your phone has one built in

They should put them there again.

Virginia Tech student and athlete arrested for second-degree murder in Blacksburg

Due to the nature of this post and excessive rumors, accusations and wishes, this thread has been locked. The current comments will not be deleted. 

As this is an on-going investigation, anyone with information about this case is encouraged to contact the Blacksburg Police Department at (540) 443-1400 or you can remain anonymous by calling the Blacksburg Police Tip Line at (540) 961-1819 or by emailing ciu@blacksburg.gov.


Thank you.

So a brand new student to Blacksburg, barely starting football training, is somehow downtown, in a 40 year old's apartment........? Something about Jerry ain't clean. None of the news articles mentioned Isi being with teammates and as someone who has spent almost every summer on campus as an RA, it's RARE that you'll find a freshman athlete, by themselves, off campus unless it's some tinder hookup. I hope we're able to get the whole story.

Edit: Just for clarity, Isi is a recent freshman meaning he is a 2021 graduate from high school. As a student athlete for football, he probably just got to Blacksburg after finals/graduation

I have friends who have matched with a person posing as “Angie” who lives at this same down town address. an obvious fake tinder profile but always asked their matches to come over and have sex. Anyone else run into this same profile?

This is some SVU law and order shit.

This thread is basically a trailer to whatever documentary is eventually going to be made about this whole situation..

FBI are now involved somehow.

https://twitter.com/michaelniziolek/status/1400269038731866116

[deleted]

From a Blacksburg townie — I would like to offer some insight. Jerry Smith, an openly gay man (nothing wrong with that), has been fired from local establishments for sexually harassing young men. I am a credible source, as I was a coworker at said previous establishment. Before this event took place, it was widely rumored that Jerry had been slipping drugs into students drinks at the local bar he worked at called El Centro Taco Bar. Not to speak ill of the dead, but stating facts, Jerry had a reputation as a predator. 

Knowing this information about the victim, it truly makes me curious as to what exactly occurred on the night of June 1st. 

El Centro, where Jerry was employed, has a very bad reputation in terms of violating ABC laws, not following CDC guidelines during the COVID pandemic, and for the past 8 months has been a hot spot for roofies. Additionally, rapes and other assaults have been reported at this location as well. With all of this, El Centro has never lost their ABC license, or faced any consequences that I am aware of. It makes you wonder, how are they getting by with all of this misconduct? Rumor has it, Jerry had ties within the Blacksburg Police Department. 

With this knowledge (understandably, speculation), I wonder how this investigation will be handled and if what truly happened June 1st will come to light. 

Regardless of what Jerry Smith may have been into, murder is a cruel fate and I am not saying he “deserved” what happened to him. But I just wanted to share the information I have of the victim prior to the incident, as I feel like it is a crucial piece of this investigation.

Lawyer: “Your honor I present this Reddit thread.” 

Judge: “who’s got the Ask.fm?” 

Credit to my buddy for the joke

I knew Jerry when I was at Tech back in 2010. Surprised but not surprised given what I am reading in this thread.

Not positive if it is the same person, but the name of the person who was murdered is nephew of the mayor. And he has multiple business connections downtown including DP Dough, El Centro, and the Black Hen.

Based on the comments, the title of this thread should be “Midnight in the Hahn Horticulture Garden of Good and Evil.”

As a non-local, reading these comments are insane

It is curious that an 18 year old kid, athlete, from VA Beach who has been in Blacksburg; all of six months got tangled up with a local 40 year old man and a situation went so far left that murder was the only answer. 🤷🏻‍♀️🤔🤯

Anyone know the other players involved? Hearing there are another 2 involved. This has the potential to be a national trial.

This thread is crazy wow

There is no doubt this situation is all around tragic. That being said, a reminder that this is not a forum to wish harm or death on other individuals. Thank you to everyone following the rules and please report comments that don't.

i know his family, would not expect this from him. There’s definitely something else going on here.

[deleted]

way to throw away your life. condolences to the victim’s family.

edit: yea based on the comments below, something weird is definitely going on here.

Wow I know Isi and I would never expect anything like this from him

I feel quite bad for both parties. Not saying Jerry/Angie had it coming, or deserved to die, but I do believe he is responsible for much of the drugging accusations around Centros (which should be shut down btw, there's a history of alcohol violations as long as they've been open). It is not hard at all to conceive of a crime of passion or illy thought out revenge for trying or successfully drugging the accuse.

Wow, this thread is crazy. I hope they figure out what really happened.

Coming from r/CFB, tragic situation, but reading through these comments are fascinating. Seems like the prelude to a Netflix Documentary with how close knit the Blacksburg community appears.

Oh this is so sad!

Reading about this old dude is weird. There's some wild similarities to a bar owner here in my college town.

Smokin on a bozo Im the dude who got the other two bagged luckily I escaped Jerry. Weird ass fuckin dude fr

[deleted]

No matter what the circumstances are Jerry did not deserve to die.  I have known him for his entire life, and everything said here about him rings true.  Jerry was not a bad person, but he did have some sort of (possibly undiagnosed) mental disorder.  I think anyone who knows him would agree.  Jerry's father was killed in a freak accident when he was very young, and his mother died suddenly of a heart attack a few years ago.  I always thought that Jerry had had a rough life. 

Rest in peace, Jerry.

Saying El Rods serves alcohol to underage people is completely a reach not to mention an unnecessary accusation on the topic at hand.  Not only that, but it’s also a bit of a reach to say that he played such a huge role at Centro as It’s not uncommon for people to overplay their part especially when trying to network themselves. A lot of people help build a business and you may never even hear their name! I know the owners personally and they would never just knowingly allow such behavior to go on. However can we also keep in mind that even though accusations can be placed on someone, from a business standpoint you cannot always act on them ignorantly especially with no physical proof with the obvious and main reason being is a major lawsuit! Let’s not forget what year we’re living in! people will throw out a lawsuit quick for things they do not have proof of STARTING with defamation of character! We cannot place blame and leave a new and STRUGGLING business (thanks to the pandemic) at fault for the behavior and actions of the one of MANY individuals that were associated with this business AND many other business’s in the Blacksburg area.  Not to mention as previously stated the said accusations were also never proven! The pandemic has left many businesses in a bind and we should all have more compassion of the Repercussions that negative and also ignorant comments could have on others lives. I would also like to point out the complete ignorance regarding this individuals behavior leading to this tragedy, considering this hasn’t blown up until said individual was “murdered”. Can we normalize taking a stand on someone’s bad behavior BEFORE such drastic consequences that lead to everyone pointing fingers trying to find someone to blame?? Seems that all these “facts” of personal experiences with this individual are now being aired and if everyone would have come together to prove such misconduct maybe the circumstances could have been different. Now we have one dead and one who’s life is now ruined for something that could have potentially been avoided in the event that someone would have just spoken up regardless of said “victim’s” social standing with the mayor or whatever business in the Blacksburg community. My condolences to all involved.

There’s been rumors that Jerry was the guy putting roofies in peoples drink at El Centro. Something tells me there’s more to this story than a simply murder

The current rumor right now is that Jerry catfished Isi through tinder and he got beat to death

She added me on Facebook and would continuously message me asking for me to come over to her place on top of hokie mart for sex. And then like last week I received a friend request from who I thought was jerry because I already had his number in my phone but when I looked at the username it was actually this Angie woman

Yeah I bet there will be an Investigation Discovery TV show profiling this case in a few years, especially if even some of these rumors are true

I didn’t know any of the bburg town tea so I’ve been scrolling through these comments like :0

[deleted]

Have you shared all of this with the Blacksburg police?

whether he had ties to PD or not, the state ABC board generally deals with ABC violations, not local PD

Jerry was never employed at El Centro. He had nothing to do with the business other than working as a “project manager” for the expansion that centro has been planning. Please do not spread information that you aren’t 100% certain of.

"Your honor, we call u/L8breAker to the stand."

Honestly all the rumors flying around, esp. in this thread are ridiculous. Remember the break-in thing a few months ago that turned out to be not at all as bad as all the Twitter/Reddit threads were making it out to be?

We'll know more when more information is released to the public. Making up wild theories and making comments about what we think happened does nothing but stir up drama.

Yep. I just noticed that as well. I have a mutual acquaintance with him and everything I know of him, he’s a shitty person by pretty much any standard. I’m *not* justifying anything done to him whatsoever, I’m just thinking it’s really weird the article said that a freshman athlete was acquaintances with a guy like him. Really curious what happened.

Probably not even 6 months unless he graduated hs early in the fall and came up early. He's probably only been in Blacksburg starting finals week or after.

Edit: I'm sure it was some tinder catfishing gone wrong based on other's comments. Jerry posed as "Angie", Isi gets there and is like hell nah

Where are you seeing this?

I heard one (or both, not sure) was a freshman running back. Could be a true freshman or a redshirt freshman, also not sure. Apparently Christian and Black aren’t on campus yet, so that leaves several others. Just speculation so far and I’m just passing on rumors I’ve heard. Would love to know more if anyone else has some more info.

Why national? Nothing across state lines involved..

knowing the family does not mean that he isn’t fucked up if that’s what you’re implying.

Edit: I thought they were referencing Jerry Smith. I apologize for my complete misunderstanding

So did you know Jerry?

So could this case get dropped if this is sexual assault?

Came to say this. But after reading the comments below, who knows what happened.

To the guy who randomly gave me a Metallica ticket today. Thank you.  Me and my gf were sitting in front of Cassell and you gave us a free ticket.  When you left I realized that it was a $1500 Snake-Pit VIP ticket.  She is a lifelong Metallica fan and you have made her whole year, and by proxy, mine too.

Thank you again.

UT Brosim

Pay it forward. Hope you enjoyed the show. Looked awesome.

That was actually Sandman

I think Santa Claus added an extra night to his calendar

Damn. That’s cool.

Paying it forward doesn’t require actual payment. Go volunteer at a hospital or retirement home. Give something back even if it’s just your time. Doesn’t have to be monetary.

Sweet!  it was an excellent show.

[deleted]

What a joy to be given that opportunity to treat your loved one!
You were truly blessed!☺️

https://youtu.be/5xqiu0ekahw

That’s amazing ❤️ all of it.

Hell yeah!

I'm too broke to pay THAT forward, but I did bum a bunch of folks cigs tonight.

I didn't go.  The stranger only gave us one ticket and I gave it to my girl.  I sat outside and watched and grinned like an idiot knowing how much fun she was having.  

To quote her "I could fucking count James' pores I was so close!"

TimSandman?!

Let's let the guy enjoy a nice moment

We should all do our best to do things like that all the time, not just as some sort of random karmic recompense.

Don’t recommend living your life and measuring your karma in such a transactional manner 👍

Thanks Debbie Downer.

Wait are you the guy?

So… you did pay it forward. Immediately, to your gf. :-) cheers, you’re the good kind. :-)

Nah, your profile says you are 21 but this guy was definitely older than that

Thank you!

Johnny update

I’m just a rando alumni but I was wondering about that post that got taken down a couple weeks ago that was saying the university was playing music/voices everywhere and if the OP was serious and not shit posting they were clearly experiencing serious mental issues. Could it have been related? I’m guessing there is no way to know but I’ve been thinking about it ever since I saw it.

I hope they find him and can do a welfare check

As sad as it is, if he's a legal adult; not breaking any laws; and not a danger to himself or others, then there's really nothing anyone can do. 

The description seems like it's missing a key detail or two though. . .I'm assuming he used his credit or debit card, which alerted authorities, who then asked for the footage? Otherwise, why would a random Starbucks in Bumfuck, Missouri say "hey, isn't that the missing guy from Bumfuck Virginia we randomly happen to know about? Let's let the local PD know. . .but not give them the video footage for 5-7 days"

Why on earth is Starbucks waiting 5-7 days to release the footage to police? This is an active missing persons case, not a fender bender in their parking lot.

[Original thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/VirginiaTech/s/A7Ul4KVrrG)

Previously reported by [ABC](https://abcnews.go.com/US/virginia-tech-student-missing-driving-home-exam/story?id=107372882), [NBC](https://www.nbcnews.com/news/amp/rcna139479), and [USA Today](https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2024/02/20/missing-v-t-student-johnny-roop-virginia/72668589007/).

His roommates said he wasn’t acting like his normal self before he left just fyi

[deleted]

Today learned poplar bluff has a Starbucks.     PB is in the middle of nowhere.     I mean it’s not a major route to go anywhere.

[deleted]

It sounds like Johnny may not fit within the norms of his family/friends and may be choosing to start new elsewhere.

While I’m not trying to downplay what could be a mental health episode, but sometimes people just want to get away and don’t feel it’s necessary to tell anyone. He’s an adult and maybe he met a girl online or wanted to go to a concert or something.

They keep saying he’s not okay but he seems to be pretty okay to me

That could also very easily not be Johnny. Johnny looks very standard, and there could be loads of people in Starbucks that look like him. If I was Johnny’s family, I’d be driving to Missouri because it would take less time than the video is taking to be released to cops.

Sources that this is affirmed ?

Be smart ..geez. So why post this and risk. Him seeing this and re locating?  Maybe the family should just go there and talk to him instead of alerting that entire country

I'm thinking y'all should get a copy of Call of the Wild and read about Chris McCandless

Anyone know if he was failing classes this semester (or at least the class he had the test in at 5pm the day he was supposed to drive home to take that online test and disappeared?
Because he's a senior about to graduate! Knowing how he was doing in school could provide a motive?? Have his roomates or friends been interviewed?

Would be interesting to see if anyone is able to relate that post to anything. If I remember correctly that was the only post in that account’s history as well.

I didn't see that, but, unfortunately, the timing for things like schizophrenia line up with the timeline for college - ages 18-25 is kinda the "golden" period for the illness to take hold of people, especially men.

He’s at a textbook age and place for schizophrenia. I’m really hoping they find him.

For all we know the person could’ve been having mental issues or was overhearing a sports games. Occasionally those can be heard across residential and on parts of the drillfield and if you’ve never heard them before it can be confusing. Some of them also happen during class hours like yesterday I think it was a lacrosse game that I heard from the drillfield.
I doubt they are related though. Johnny lives off campus and is a senior. A lot of people who live off campus are only on it for classes and when they work if they do work on campus.
I personally don’t live off campus, so feel free to correct me if I’m wrong.

Edit: This reply is continuing a conversation from an alumni about a previous post made to Reddit about someone hearing music/voices on campus and whether it could possibly be related to Johnny.
Long story short, I don’t think the two are related. 
The only time I mention Johnny is near the end of the post and that’s because before that point I was not talking about him.

I've been hearing weird music recently too tbh. I noticed around 12 pm and 5 pm today there was like this weird music playing over the campus and I assumed it was like a clock/bell kind of thing because of the time. I also noticed some weird music playing while walking on campus around Tuesday afternoon.

I think another thread said he was spotted withdrawing a large amount of money at the bank before leaving?

I work at Starbucks and as fucked up as it is, that's the policy. Pretty stupid in cases where you need the footage asap. We also can't grab the footage ourselves, the recordings are sent to an offsite source managed by corporate and can only be accessed by filing a police report

I could be wrong, but I don’t think this is currently a missing persons case per se, more of a concern—“please check in” situation. He is of age and, as far as I know, is currently not thought to be a victim of foul play—I’m not at all downplaying the concern for his safety and for his mental health, but he could have just run away from something for a bit. Not the healthiest way to handle things if so, but people operate with the coping skills they (think they) have in the moment. Speaking from experience and with empathy and hope for a good outcome.

There are pretty strict guidelines private companies follow when it comes to complying with legal requests for information, usually getting lawyers to cover their asses and assess really quick even if the item being requested isn’t a big deal.

Did John Roop ever come back to Abingdon or VT - has anyone heard from him since Missouri?

Is he back in Abingdon or at VT now?   Is his Mom okay - that entire "passionate in Christianity" statement was a bit odd.

. . .except that his plan was to go home to Abingdon and be there by 5 to take an exam. I get packing up and skipping town for a weekend or longer. But the sudden change in plans with no communication from someone who normally communicates is cause for concern.

&#x200B;

>Point being, we don't know the whole story to justify jumping towards a missing person's case

I'm curious what you think a "missing person's case" is or what justifies one. Someone who disappears without any communication, especially when they made specific plans otherwise, is a missing person. It doesn't mean there's anything nefarious or illegal, but that family and friends are concerned about their whereabouts. Once the person is spotted and seemingly OK, the case is closed.

For example, there's a good book called *Under the Trestle* about Virginia's first no-body murder conviction. A Radford student was killed by a former VT football player a couple of decades ago. When she didn't show up for a planned date with an out-of-town friend, her family got worried and called police who investigated. Taking your "probably enjoying the freedom of being an adult these people have clearly starved him from" thought process, no one should have been worried; police shouldn't have investigated; and everyone just gone about their day. Am I getting that right?

&#x200B;

>with seemingly full cognizant faculties

How do you get that from this post?

Sounds like you know him better than his family does-

have they called you directly for more advice yet?

Upon seeing his photo this was my first thought too. Well, that and his mother’s description of him as being “passionate for Christianity”

Some people have mentioned that his behavior reminds them of their own family members who took a turn for the worst. At the bare minimum the police should do a wellness check on him and make sure that he doesn’t show signs of mental health issues.
If they confirm he doesn’t and he states that he doesn’t want to be contacted by family or friends then yea I wish him a happy life, but he could actually need help.

No way it's something that simple or innocent at this point- 

If you read the original post and pleas from his family he
was scheduled for an exam on the day he went missing and uncharacteristically went radio silent.

While all of that could be true, it seems less and less likely the more that's found out. For example, the just dropped press release from MCSO says he was alone at the restaurant and left as he was being identified by an employee.

A normal reaction of someone taking a break from life is to say to someone, at some point in the last week "I'm OK, I just don't want to be bothered."

But to leave and say nothing, especially if it's out of character for the person, is indicative of something else. For example (speculating here), paranoia is a symptom of schizophrenia. For someone who's paranoid, seeing their face all over the news, all over social media could exacerbate the problem. Acting out of character while cutting off all communication despite the widespread outreach? The concern is valid.

his sister is the one who posted that so pretty sure it’s accurate

read it 

Completely different scenario

keep thinkin yall

It just stuck out to me after seeing the missing poster as well because schizophrenia usually affects males more and has an onset of early twenties. Regardless of whether it was or not related I really hope they can locate this student and confirm his safety.

A high school buddy of mine developed schizophrenia in grad school. Perfectly normal guy until he was around 22 years old. It’s hard to see it disrupt their life. If that’s what this guy has he will never be the same even with medication.

You’re probably right. Either way hope that OP is okay if it was even true. 

Hope everything comes to a good resolution for Johnny. I agree that if he has left on his own terms that he is an adult and can and should be able to do that without issue. I hope that is the case as it seems it would be the least bad reason/outcome for him.

I don't follow.

This is about a guy who planned to drive a couple hours home late last week, told his family/friends about going home, but hasn't been heard from since. Not in his Christiansburg apartment, not in his home a couple hours away, not in Blacksburg, and not on campus. Apparently he was in Missouri but not communicating with anyone.

That would be the bells in the top of Burruss Hall. :)

Definitely strange behavior and, if its out of the ordinary, something for friends and family to be concerned about. 

But at the same time, I can sell all of my possessions, throw away my cell phone and laptop, close out my bank accounts, cash out my retirement account, drive to Louisiana, buy a cabin in a swamp, exchange all my money for gold bullion, bury it in mason jars in my swamp yard, and spend my days whit'lin and catching gators.

As a side, that's one of the hard problems with the mental health system. As long as someone isn't a danger to themselves or others, there's nothing that can be done. So you have people who get TDO'd, get medicated, get released, get off their medication, and the cycle repeats. Worse if they commit a crime, in which case jails become revolving doors for the mentally ill. The book *Crazy* by Pete Earley gives a great overview and history of mental health in America.

Thanks for a clarification.

Not to be dismissive, but some of us here were around when students said they were going to take tests and jumped off of buildings. One student that was supposed to graduate with my class in 2018 attempted to kill his entire family, succeeded at murdering his brother and father with his father’s duty weapon after telling them he was returning to school the next day. There’s little that can realistically be done if this guy has taken off from his family due to some kind of extreme stress except hope that maybe they find evidence to label him a threat to himself or others. Otherwise he is an adult on the go.

[deleted]

[deleted]

Exactly and if this is this the case I hope he finds the peace and happiness he deserves being his true self.

I think her brother has broke mama's heart and is headed out west where the wild things are.

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JHwaVMPLhHs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JHwaVMPLhHs)

Yes I am not saying he should not be checked on but as someone who lived with Ultra religious family and went no contact with my own mother I have a feeling there is more to this than him just disappearing.

The police are useless when it comes to mental health issues. They will not help anyone in crisis and they are not trained to recognize psychosis.

Upgrades people

[deleted]

More like when they see a sidewalk that hasn't been blocked yet

[deleted]

I appreciate the Robots reference

And yet they aren’t building a math empo on campus

I heard through the VT grapevine that Tech will potentially turn as many parking lots into buildings. Can anyone confirm this?

Reminds me of Richmond when they see a road not under construction.

Agreed, on campus, they basically just play in the dirt for several months, and then make a sidewalk?

Bought the parking pass only to find out the only lot I could park in was on the other side of campus.

I've heard that the master plan is to get rid of on-campus parking for commuter students and instead have commuters park in a giant parking lot center that's supposed to be built near the Corporate Research Center and to have busses shuttle those students to the Litton-Reeves bus stop to join with the current BBGTransit route. Sounds too stupid to be true, but I heard it from a faculty member of the parking services board committee, and it could just be a Burruss pipedream.

That doesn’t sound that bad actually, if it is executed properly tho

That's kinda how the rest of the world works and they seem to be doing fine

Virginia Tech dismisses football coach Justin Fuente, names J.C. Price interim

🦀🦀🦀🦀 FUENTE IS GONE 🦀🦀🦀🦀

[deleted]

Let's go. Glad Whit didn't let it get to the point that he'd have to decide whether or not to do it after possibly beating UVA to get bowl eligible, was starting to think that would get him another year. Interesting that they went with Price over Hamilton

SMOKING THAT FUENTE PACK 🚬

Does this mean I have to change my username??

Neither Cornelsen or Hamilton are the interim head coach, so likely some changes there as well in the future!

F I R E D

U

E

N

T

E

Another classy move by Whit - He let JF go out on a high note!

EDIT: ...and it puts JF on the market early to find another gig.

GO HOKIES!

He had to go. Program slid hard after a strong start. Was hoping he could keep his job this year but they slid after a strong performance against unc.

Hoping for Napier but we'll see.

Should have happened a couple seasons ago, but better late than never.

https://i.imgur.com/brackk3.gifv

Sad to see. Not the firing. But the program. Been my fav college team since I was a kid. Hokie bird baby! I hope that we can turn this around big time

Man the timing is weird as hell. It should have been end of last year, or earlier in the season so they could get a head start on the search. If not after Syracuse they should have waited until December 15th save a few million and let Fuente finish the season (not like 30 days makes a difference now).

But why middle of week 13, that's the weirdest possible time to fire a coach.

Fuck yissss

Nature is healing!

This was planned thru the weekend. They didn't announce his name as HC before the game like usual.
Billy Napier is the target from what I hear.

4 weeks late but finally

Praise Jesus.  I can’t believe it happened before thanksgiving.

Who would y’all want too see hired as replacement?

I kind of like University of South Carolina’s coach.

Fired Fuente.

Lol us too- From UW

A couple years late, but better late than never. 

Who do we have a decent shot at grabbing though? Are there any good coaches who would want to come to VT?

Fellow Hokies, in the meantime let’s go for the basketball 🏀 team they’re really good this year (or supposed to be)l coach Young got this.

Thank God! Now maybe we can stop hearing about this man, I swear this is just r/VTSports some days, I get that sports is important to people but it's getting to be a bit much when every 3rd post is about ________ person in the football or basketball team isn't doing what you think they should.

That’s gonna be a mistake

10 mil in debt. Good luck hiring someone good with that money gone. The person. Who gave him that contract extension should be fired too lol.

I wonder how many professors they will let go to pay his severance package?

BYE BYE FUENTE

I’ll take it

Well no more “fire Fuente” posts lol…. This came earlier than expected I figured mid December

I would have fired that clown immediately after the WV game. Asshat play calling.

I was about to post the verbatim

This comment has been overwritten in response to Reddit's limitations on third party API access.

been plenty of disappointing losses for you to think about in the meantime.

Was discussed after BC loss (per Whit at today's press conference), was allowed to coach through Senior Day.

Is it tho? Isn’t Hamilton already fairly young to be a DC?

😶‍🌫️😶‍🌫️😶‍🌫️😮‍💨💨💨💨

No, you’ll just have to use it to warn the fans of whatever school he ends up at.

May you have peace.

No, but will probably have to become active in the TCU subreddit going forward.

Corny will likely end up wherever JF lands

That is what is even bigger than Fuente being out. This shows Corny is gone as well and maybe even Hamilton but certainly Corn

If you watched the presser this morning, you would have heard Whit say that he will be letting the new HC decide who he keeps and who goes.  So no, the decision for who is the interim head has no bearing on who stays or goes.

I have been pretty happy with Jham tbh.

both are gone no matter who is hired... Corn is bad and Hamilton is riding on the same design as Foster did the last few years and that is bad prevent defense and that is what cost us games.

Yep the marriage was over. No reason to make it ugly.

Why were you hoping he would keep his job? Tech fan? Gotta be a masochist.

The buyout eventually reached a tolerable point. In the past it was holding them back

Comes out with a walker and coaches the team to an acc title……..

WhAt aBoUt tHe SoCkS

Giving day is the most audacity crammed into one stunt I have ever seen

My donation is my tuition :)

I got a call, august 2013. I graduated may 2013. It was my first month of grad school. They asked for $50. I said, I just started grad school, my loans are deferred. "So how about $20?" I was able to control myself, and asked them to call back in a decade, when hopefully Ill have a job. I havnt been called yet, so I geuss

Remindme! 19 months.

We'll see if they call.

I remember my parents dropping me off for move in my Freshman year. I’m the oldest child so their first kid to leave the nest. Not two hours later my mom got a call on her cell from Tech asking her to donate to the school. She replied, “I just gave you my first born, never call me again”, and hung up. They never called again.

The Bursar's office reminds me every semester to Give. And give and give some more. So there you go

I don’t have any money to give in the first place

I'm in the process of buying my bachelors, when they give me an MBA I'll give them more money.

The audacity to ask for more money.

with the way they nickle and dime students its beyond offensive to ask for more donations lol

cut the cost of tuition, then we'll talk.

I doubt I'll ever donate honestly

I had to tell them I may give once my student loans are paid off.

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aiqKK4ysI7g](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aiqKK4ysI7g)

I got a call recently and it was difficult for them to grasp the fact that I've been unemployed since April due to my industry, theme parks and tourism, being completely shuttered and continuing to be crippled.

Maybe don't nickel and dime students while they attend and maybe I would feel generous to donate. Plus, Tech literally gets millions of $ in tax exemptions for being a public university. No thanks!

Parking Services reminded me to give enough in 5 years...

I will be messaging you in 1 year on [**2022-09-23 18:27:13 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2022-09-23%2018:27:13%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/VirginiaTech/comments/lqkr4f/what_about_the_socks/gohmvoe/?context=3)

[**1 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FVirginiaTech%2Fcomments%2Flqkr4f%2Fwhat_about_the_socks%2Fgohmvoe%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202022-09-23%2018%3A27%3A13%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20lqkr4f)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|

I pray I’m never in a position where I’m spamming college students for donations

A lot of the money from donations goes to scholarships; maybe you should check that out.

Much more of it goes to things like the dining halls and other creature comforts.

They can just take it out of my student loans if they want. But in all honesty, I donate $50 every couple years in case my future kid wants to attend.

This had better be the John Mulaney bit.

Edit: It is! I'm glad I'm not the only one who thought about it!

This is the way.

It isn't important how much you give, it's important that you give.

Think of how many scholarships could be handed out if every single member of the class of 2022 gave a one-time gift of $20.22.

We made it to the front of r/facepalm lol

Funny how every game on this weekend has a stadium packed with unmasked fans but somehow people have to give Virginia Tech a hard time. Ridiculous!

Worth it though 😎

Is having 65k people standing around outside for 3 hours that much more risky than housing however many students live on campus together in the same buildings for an entire year?

reddit moment

They hate us cause they ain’t us

On the one hand, I loved seeing Lane packed and rocking again. On the other hand, I know some townies who are concerned about community spread after having 66k people drop by. As others have said, if it was only the student section then sure, having the student body 90+% vaxxed would help limit the spread. 

I think the potential issue is the tens of thousands of people who came into town, milled about for several hours, and had zero precautions to follow once packed into Lane. Personally I’d have done what some music venues have done where you either have to provide proof of vax or a negative test result. 

Yes, I understand transmission risk is lower outdoors. And different people take different risks. And that if someone went unvaxxed they may have to deal with the consequences of that. What concerns me is how we’re seeing more and more kids getting this, and hospital ERs being so full people can’t get timely treatment for non-Covid problems. 

Its a tough situation all around. I’m out of patience for people who willingly remain unvaxxed due to the harm it is causing our communities, because their choices can affect us all negatively. 

Sorry for the novel. Its been on my mind today after hearing from some friends in town.

Lotta people on Reddit are upset that others aren’t miserable like them

Majority young and healthy student body, everyone vaccinated, outside. 

If we can’t do this… what can we do? If this doesn’t work should we accept we are never going back to normal?

Genuine question. 

Lock down forever?

Reddit is fucking stupid

> "I genuinely wonder how many people will die as a direct result of their decision to go to this game"

My guess is zero

If you need more salt, please see these comments:

https://twitter.com/accnetwork/status/1433916233599143944

Losers lol

if you’re scared of covid and have gotten the vaccine, stay inside. and if u haven’t gotten the vaccine at all, don’t open your mouth no one cares about your opinion.

R/covidiots too. Let’s go…

They're just mad because we have a metal intro.

Why is Reddit so soft😭

I simply cannot fathom that anyone still cares

Lmao everyone on Reddit is a nerdy loser

Wait Reddit wants everyone's fun and freedom ruined? New development!

The so-called "covid police" have seemingly become anti-science about the vaccine, transmission, herd immunity, etc. It's really ironic. But like they say, once you go too far to one side, you get closer to the other... Crazy people on all sides

Socials been full of crybabies about this game today lol

HOES MAD

Go hokies! (I was wearing a mask)

Softer than charmin. That game was legit so fuck the haters

I'm just so tired. I really don't want to go back to online only. All the people in this thread saying that people are being "babies" about complaining about this sort of behavior are going to be eating their words if this causes an outbreak that forces campus to shut down.

Well its kinda true when most didn't listen to the mask requirements under the stadium, inside bathrooms and such. Could have at least followed that part of it.

Vaccines weren’t required for entry... honestly I was pretty nervous about this event too.

The covid police will never be satisfied. You meet one requirement - close till the vaccine? Ok, they come up with a new requirement you have to meet until you can live your normal life again - at least __% of people need to get it. Ok, you do that. Ok, they come up with a new requirement - we need to wait until under 12s get it. Its time to realize they'll never be satisfied and will keep coming up with new reasons we need to waste more of our youth inside regardless of what we do now. Go have fun, live your lives, and ignore the naysayers.

A great post to Facepalm would be a link to that post.

Oh sorry we have the most hype intro of all time. Also 90% of people have vaccines so we good

Idk why everyone on Twitter is complaining, their crying won’t stop us from packing in 60k strong

Jesus christ, i would collapse

[deleted]

Because we bring the most attention!!!! Enter Sandman is unbeatable.

Because tech has a vaccine mandate

Tbh Student are required to be vaccinated. Not so much the fact for other people in the stadium. If you're a student and in the student section then you were probably fine.. Others.. RIP you made a decision

Plot twist: the person who posted this is from UNC and they’re mad they lost

This is a good take. I am not concerned about students and I am not concerned about outdoor transmission like in a football stadium. I would be more concerned about the people who maybe came from an area with lower vaccination rates, went to bars, partied with people indoors, went out to dinner beforehand etc.

[deleted]

I, for one, 100% agree with your rant. Pretty disappointed in the lack of nuance in these comments, but I guess the post is still pretty new.

I completely agree, I was really worried because I was working in the stadium yesterday, so I wore my mask for the entire time even when I was outdoors (I was indoors for the most part). A lot of the adults I saw attending were not masked most of the time, if at all, and I don’t know if they’re vaxxed or not, so better be safe than sorry.

I am also concerned from a townie perspective. I'm an alum who no longer lives in Blacksburg, but I have a lot of townie friends. In fact, I visited some of them over Labor Day since all of them were now fully vaccinated. Somehow I missed the memo that there was a *major* game that weekend.

I was appalled at how no one was following any sort of caution. No masks indoors or out. No social distancing. People getting right up next to their friends face to talk to them because it was so loud even outside. I was honestly mad at all the non-students who traveled for the game. They are putting every student and townie who works in Blacksburg at risk. The townies don't necessarily have the same access to medical care and testing that the students have.  The students are in close quarters and breakthrough infections will spread fast. it pisses me off. Everyone is acting like COVID is over. It's not.

Hoes do be mad

Very true feels like some people want to just permanently lock down the world

It's not just Reddit and it's not recent, but yeah.

I was downvoted a lot for telling folks they were wrong when they said everyone had to show vaccine proof to go in.

This is a big thing. If a healthy population of young people who are 96% fully vaccinated and wear masks inside buildings can't beat covid everyone is fucked

This is also what I’m confused about. How are people not getting this? We are all vaccinated, and outdoors. The freshmen are all packed like sardines in the dorms which are like Petri dishes. How do people think this is any worse?

Were vaccines required for entry?

You realize its 99% bots, middle school white kids and sexual predators, right?

Pritchard, beer can, and ambulance. Name a better trio.

The world feels normal again for a few minutes

Welcome back to another episode of “Tonight at Pritchard”

Ahhhh, some things never change (lived in Pritchard 1994-95).   Just need to add a 3am fire alarm as the icing on the cake.

Fun fact: VT Rescue’s first call on record (ever) was to Pritchard. Someone dropped a refrigerator on their foot.

Other than chipotle ranch, fantastic frank, and chicken parm at Owens, there isn’t a more iconic trio

Cursed images

What happened this time

can’t expect anything less

Pritchard, dumpster, fire

New school year, same old Pritchard

Why I don’t feel surprised?

The holy trinity

VT Students, Parties, Death

Slusher, beer can, abulance...

[deleted]

What does meme means after the post headline?

if i could give you reddit gold for this comment, i would

Today, a guy vomits next to my stall, where I'm taking a lovely shit, and left without bothering to flush his disgusting puke.. 

*Back to you*

https://lastpritchardfirealarm.carrd.co/?fbclid=IwAR0cUwEGU4fjHui1CpnT5FwzfmDHbLdaqeSrUdq_HLr-v-daZJn8uoP9pz4

In case you want updates on the next 3 AM fire alarm.

In February, at that.

Did they drop it on their foot while trying to throw it into the pit?

Pritchard, beer can, and an ambulance

Same

At least the dude puked in the bathroom instead of the elevator.

I found a gallon of Jaegermeister puke in a urinal on a midnight piss run once, only cuz it splashed weird. Figured it was in a stall, cuz that was where it usually ended up. 0/10

Just sat on the toilet with ketchup packets between the seat and cover soo there’s that

> The record for the amount of fire alarms triggered in one week in the 2020-2021 school year is 3 times

Those are rookie numbers. Spring 2013 the fire alarm went off so often, my gf at the time preferred to sleep with me, my roommate, and his girlfriend in the same dorm room, over sleeping in her room. She had no roommates at the time.

Ah, thanks.  That explains it :)

[deleted]

Once a week is Prichard in the off season

In my sophomore year in West AJ, the fire alarm was getting pulled so often one night that they just stationed a response vehicle outside so they could turn off the alarm quicker. The very next day the put a goo like ink substance on the back of the pull, in hopes that they could catch whoever was pulling the alarm. But the record If I can remember was 8 times that night beginning at midnight and ending at almost 7 in the morning.

Fall 2020--remote lectures and optional assignments and office hours, oh my First off, I want to say that I'm not going to judge anyone's decisions (yours, the university's, etc.) regarding the upcoming fall. This is a shit sandwich of a situation on all fronts, and I'm nowhere near qualified to evaluate one way or the other. That said, I want to give everyone some advice based on what I saw last semester and how I see things shaping up for the fall, **especially those of you who will be first-semester students this fall.**

Normally, I advise my students about parts of the course, the university system, etc. that I perceive as "traps." Now, to be clear, by "trap," I mean "thing that lots of people ignore because it's not mandatory," not "something that’s deliberately set up to screw you over." Pitfall might be a better word, [but I've always said trap, so I'm sticking with it](https://media1.giphy.com/media/3ornka9rAaKRA2Rkac/giphy.gif).

For example:

* Optional homework--it's a trap. It's not optional, do it unless you're already coasting. If I give this, I'm probably going to copy test questions from it.
* Optional review session--it's a trap. Sure, it's technically optional, but if we're giving it, we think it’s necessary for some reason. Show up, unless you're already coasting.
* That topic we gave one homework on and never touched again but said, "be sure you know how this works"--it's a trap. If we told you that you need to know how it works, there's a reason. I'm not giving you long creepy stares after I say that for my health.

There are also many things that I'm not going into that I *literally* beg students to do because it'll make their lives easier. Usually, it's only the students that could get away *without* doing these things that take advantage of them.

With all of that in mind:

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

**This whole semester is a trap.**

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

All of the departments and faculty are working hard to try and make something reasonable. Still, I **cannot** see an end structure that doesn't result in a truly absurd number of things that aren't required, and that you can blow off with no ill effects in the short term. This will be especially true for video lectures.

&#x200B;

**Do not let these things slide.**

&#x200B;

If something has been provided, recommended, or suggested, **especially** now, it's for a reason. If you're comfortable with something after reviewing it, fantastic! Don't kill yourself obsessing over it. But if you're not super familiar, or even slightly uncomfortable, go through it. Many of the instructors have lost MOST of the tools we traditionally use to make sure everything is going smoothly, so some of that burden will unavoidably fall on **you.**

&#x200B;

The **number one thing** that I see students not do, especially in their first year, is attending office hours.

&#x200B;

**Office hours are one of the few things that there might be more of during this semester.**

&#x200B;

Compared to regular (in-person) office hours, they're going to suck (in my opinion). I'm personally working on ways to ameliorate the effect of remote office hours, but there's a limit to what I can do. That said, while I can't speak for all instructors/TAs/etc., most of us are more than happy to help out anyone that comes to office hours. This is also going to be one of the few ways that we can clarify things from video lectures, and possibly one of the only times you'll have real-time face-to-face communication. **Take advantage of that.**

Keep in mind:

* Office hours are held specifically so that we can help you with things that **you** want help with.
* There's not a lower bound for something being "worth" being brought to office hours. If you have a question, we're here to answer.
* You are not interrupting someone if you come to office hours; that is time set aside for **you.** Many instructors end up doing work during their office hours **because** **people rarely show up**.
* Most of us are entirely comfortable with someone dropping by office hours (especially remotely) just to work, **in case something comes up**! I've had several students sit in my twitch channel during office hours, only to let me know that everything went smoothly before leaving. **This is fine!**

&#x200B;

Most students come to office hours the day (or night) a homework is due. Often, this is too late, especially when everyone is doing the same thing. Usually, I only have time for 1-2 hours of office hours on a given day. Having 10+ people in them with entirely unrelated questions means that I have, at most, 6-12 minutes to help each person with a problem they may have been tangling with for hours. Start assignments as early as you can, and **don't put off coming to office hours.**

&#x200B;

**If you've hit a wall, ask someone.** Send an e-mail to an instructor/TA, drop by office hours, etc. We won't judge you based on the complexity of the issue. The **only** things most teaching staff will be annoyed by are:

1. [Not trying anything before asking.](https://i.imgur.com/zJqx7cY.gif)
2. Asking too late for us to do anything to help (two hours before the homework is due, for example).
3. NOT asking for help after a significant life disruption ("I didn't turn in my homework because I broke my collarbone and was in the hospital for two days, but I know the class policy is 'no late assignments'"<--I have actually have had several students do something like this. **Do not do this.**)

There are going to be **ample** opportunities for things to slip under the radar this semester. There may be FAR less that's actually "required" than normal. You may only have physical lectures in an extremely limited capacity. In addition to actually watching all of the lectures, doing the readings, etc., **office hours and "recommended" assignments/reading/etc. are some of the few ways to offset what's coming**.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

TL;DR:

* Semester gonna be rough.
   * We're trying our best, but it's probably going to be difficult.
* Optional work/assignments/lectures aren't.
   * Do them if at all possible.
* It's gonna be super easy to let things slip.
   * Don't. That way madness lies.
* **Come to office hours.**
   * **We want to help!**

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

\[EDIT: Thanks for all the awards everyone! Hopefully this will help some folks for this fall and further one. I missed two significant points--the first was the point that [/u/wickedsweetcake](https://www.reddit.com/u/wickedsweetcake/) made in the comments about communicating with your instructors, which they detailed perfectly. The other is what [/u/trumpetkid](https://www.reddit.com/u/trumpetkid/) noted about the need to relax; I didn't include that in my main post because it wasn't something I was thinking about at the time, but with that in mind...

**Take breaks to de-stress. You will not make it through if you don't.**

This may mean reading "War and Peace". It may be painting. It may be watching absurd gameshows. Whatever relaxes you, make sure you take time to do it. Otherwise not only will you eventually turn into a human stress ball, but **you'll work less efficiently**. That means you'll have less time to take breaks, which means you'll work more and relax less, and so forth. I can tell you from first-hand experience, that's no way to live.

As someone who's terrible at this, I've resorted to scheduling breaks on my calendar. During those breaks *I do not work*. That's what it takes for me to not let my work creep into my relaxation time, but whatever works for you, do it.

Thanks again to everyone who commented--if anyone has any specific questions or comments, you can also feel free to DM me and I'll do my best to answer!\]

This is probably one of the most concise "guides to surviving college" that I've seen in a while, virus or not. Nicely done,

[deleted]

Every time you wrote that something was a trap, I read it in Admiral Ackbar’s voice in my mind.

This is all fantastic advice that I hope you take to heart.  The only other thing that I can think to add is that if something isn't going smoothly in the course, **tell us so we can (try to) fix it!**  

Even if we're actively looking for feedback, we might not be asking the right questions.  The easy example is from the online switch last semester.  I was originally hosting videos on Canvas and linking them to a page for each lesson.  Then I found out two weeks after break that a subset of students were only getting the audio content of the lectures but no video because of a weird codec issue.  Just switching things around to hosting videos on YouTube was a trivial fix.

Imagine how much of a change it is for us to go from being able to see your faces and register the confused/bored/attentive expressions to primarily having one-way communication in the lectures.  We're not going to be able to adapt mid-lecture, let alone across several lectures without some feedback.

If the lectures seem to be going too slow/too fast, **tell us** so that we can poll the full class and adjust as needed.  

If some explanation in a lecture was confusing, **tell us** so that we can revisit it in the next video, or dedicate a short "optional" lesson to digging into more detail.  

If you're reading an assignment spec and just have no idea where to start, **tell us** so that we can provide a hint to the full class.  

If a sizable percentage of you are also taking class X in another department and you have a big assignment/project/test due on the same day that something equally weighty is due in my class, **tell me** so that I can flex the calendar (probably not all instructors are willing to do this, but many are).

tl;dr:  We need to know when and where problems are happening, even if we're being proactive in trying to find them.

This semester is going to be rough for me. Thanks for the advice.

People need to take this to heart especially next semester.  I wouldn't be surprised if grades tank next semester.

I second the recommendation for office hours. Most TAs I know and personally speaking, tried to be extra accommodating with office hours and no one showed up. With Zoom and everything there are a lot more interactive ways we can help you out with stuff and since everyone is in the same boat, we were trying to be extra helpful with any questions you have. Make use of that because one on one interactions during these times are going to be invaluable to you too. Mentally, it will help you be more comfortable with the course as well! 

All the best everyone :)

Oh yes, the great "optional" review session. Most classes that offer those usually use it as a "wall" to separate students from getting an A. This was true for my major and unrelated minor. It's always a great idea to go.

This is going to be a hard semester for students, but also us faculty and staff. We're all in this together, and hopefully we all get through it together!

Disclaimer: This guide does not apply to business majors (except BIT). Disclaimer to this disclaimer: Just kidding take it seriously. But also have fun. Don’t turn into a stress ball.

Remindme! 56 days

All great advice. Now I just need to bring myself to actually follow and listen to it

Thank you!

Does coasting here == "going to graduate this Fall?"

This was awesome! Thank you for the advice. Points we all “already know” but definitely need to be reminded of because we tend not to do them!

[deleted]

Thank you for this advice! I wish I had read this back before my first semester. Actually going to office hours for help would have made a big difference.

A Dad of a newly minted incoming Hokie Daughter truly thanks you for these timely comments Prof ! Definitely sharing with her. Glad to read something that gives me comfort knowing she will be well taken care of by dedicated educators trying their damn best to make this all work. Sage advice on personal responsibility and accountability.

Mod sticky please.

I don't even go to Virginia tech, but saw this cross posted on another subreddit. Great advice, super helpful. Thankful for the insight from a prof

This is great advice and also why the transition last semester wasn’t too bad for me. I hope most follow suit.

!remindme 55 days

I shared this on my facebook and it's getting shared around by other people - this is incredibly good information especially for incoming freshmen

Thanks! A lot of it is from personal painful experience :p

Not a problem, I hope it helps!

Excellent--my work here is done!

\^\^\^\^\^So much this. Thank you for saying this--I set up a bunch of tools last semester for managing office hours/providing support, and I have almost no idea if they were helpful. I can't count the number of times I've gotten feedback on SPOT that I wish I'd had from day 1.

It's also absurdly hard to gauge anything with no visual feedback. I'm still trying to figure out a way to offset that without asking people to turn on their cameras.

Unfortunately I think it's going to be rough for everyone. I know I've struggled just staying focused on my research, and I don't have near the number of commitments most people on this sub do. I hope this helps at least a little!

You're saying that and it hasn't even started yet.

... or heavily inflated because people who normally wouldn’t still manage to scheme their way through :/

Yup, there were points last semester where I ended up holding my office hours for random twitch viewers. Not a bad experience, but not what I expected.

I'm not sure I'd call it a wall (at least not in any courses I've been involved in), but it's definitely some kind of dividing line. It's really difficult to distinguish between those students who attend but don't need it to do well and students who attend and do well because of it. I made it a rule of thumb to always go unless I had a stunningly good reason not to.

Reminds me of Intro to Cinema

Absolutely!

100000%

Actually, I need to edit the post to include this. Thanks!

I will be messaging you in 1 month on [**2020-08-16 01:05:10 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2020-08-16%2001:05:10%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://np.reddit.com/r/VirginiaTech/comments/hco92w/fall_2020remote_lectures_and_optional_assignments/fvhtca8/?context=3)

[**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FVirginiaTech%2Fcomments%2Fhco92w%2Ffall_2020remote_lectures_and_optional_assignments%2Ffvhtca8%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202020-08-16%2001%3A05%3A10%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%20hco92w)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|

I've resorted to putting sticky notes around my apartment telling me what to do, Memento-style.

You're welcome! :D

I’m also graduating this fall and I’m truly devastated this is going to be my last undergrad experience here. Applying for grad school so i gotta keep the grades up it just is really ass that I’ve lost most of my last year between the bullshit that was spring semester and the joke that is this fall

I felt that was meant behind it. I just can’t imagine coasting due to graduating that same semester but it happens.

No problem! I actually think it varies a lot from person to person. Based on some informal polls I've seen, a surprising number of people think office hours are **only** for specific things (like current homework sets). That said, I agree--I've had to remind myself of a LOT of things since all this started (on a regular basis) that I definitely already knew.

Unfortunately, from what I've heard/seen, it's going to vary department by department, and class-by-class. With larger classes, it's hard to say, but I suspect we'll see reduced in-person attendance in order to maintain social distancing within classrooms, and all other material provided online, or a complete switch to online. 

With respect to their plan for handling outbreaks, all of what I know comes from [VT's COVID page](https://vt.edu/ready/for-students.html#residence), but my guess is they'll have rooms set aside for quarantine (ctrl+f isolation on that page) in the event of infection, in addition to the other precautions. As far as how that works academically, my guess is those policies are being worked on we speak.

&#x200B;

All of that said, every single thing that's been planned could change entirely--we're essentially two months out from the start of the semester, and a lot could happen between now and then.

You're welcome! The same is true for me; I didn't figure out office hours until probably the second semester of my junior year. I'm always surprised how little this is emphasized at the beginning of undergrad.

I'm glad I could help! This is a rough time to be starting undergrad, to say the least; hopefully my advice can help make things a little bit easier. Full disclosure, though I've taught for several years (as an instructor),  I'm still a grad student/teaching assistant (though hopefully not for much longer!). If she/you have any questions, please don't hesitate to send me a message (either on reddit or elsewhere) and I'll do my best to help out!

I'm glad it's so useful! Hopefully, people can learn from some of my (many) mistakes! Full disclosure, though I've taught for several years (as an instructor), I'm still a grad student/teaching assistant (though hopefully not for much longer!).

I'm so glad it's useful! Hopefully it'll smooth the path for some folks this fall!

Honestly, I expect both. I'm extremely concerned about people running into issues several semesters down the line because of how things shake out for the period from Spring '20 - Spring '21.

Yeah I can see it. Although most classes that do offer optional review sessions tend to be harder in difficulty. For me personally, that usually means that I attend the class as frequently as possible.

I use an app called BeFocused that has me work for 25 minutes then take a 5 minute break. This repeats 4 times and then I get a 25 minute break. This is good especially for huge study sessions like before finals. Your brain will not retain information and you will not be as effective if you are not being wise about how your use it. Also important - do stupid shit you only get to do in college. Take this as you wish, and if it means turning in an assignment or two late, then by all means do it. You only live once and who cares about accounting anyways.

I'm so sorry, I can only imagine what that's like :(  
As far as senioritis, unfortunately, my solution was to overload myself with courses to the breaking point to avoid noticing it. 

&#x200B;

Spoiler: it did not work, not even a little bit.

Hokie House in 1970

[Source](http://that70sblacksburg.blogspot.com/2013/11/the-hokie-house.html).

Edit: this is from 1967, not 1970, as another commenter pointed out

I will always love Hokie House and their 2$ doubles

No shit lol, that's cool. Where is this? Is it still the same location, just underdeveloped?

This is so cool, I used to get my hair cut downstairs From 06-2010

Thanks OP!  I wonder when they added the second floor.

The photo is from 1967 not 1970

GOAT

Very cool!

Whoa - awesome!

Woah!!!!

photoshop so it says hokie home pls

$3 as of 2017 😭

looks like the same spot on the hill, just with no surrounding buildings or sidewalk.

Same but from 97-01. With the old guy who chatted your ear off!

I was a frosh in '91 and the second floor was there then, so it was a while back.

You're right

Disappointing, but I would still take that over DC area drink prices haha

He’s Still there, that’s where I get my hair cut

Going back to the burg after graduating and living in DC, it was like all rounds on me, this is amazing. Bburg prices are insanely cheap.

Damn he must be really old if someone called him old 20 years ago

Its the easiest way to feel like you're balling out like a king

Seriously... I went back last fall for the UVA game('04 alum, been out in Denver for 12 years, and hadn't been to BBurg in 8-10y) I was astounded by how cheap everything was!  I had assumed everything would be more expensive now but that place is like a time capsule for the dollar.  We got brunch at Boudreaux's, a meal and bloody, tax and tip for like $20!

Definitely. I never realized it when I was there.

And Boudreaux’s is expensive for Blacksburg

Ronald!

Yeah it's absolutely wild.

Savor the memory, word is that Boudreaux's probably won't be back after the pandemic. Several other restaurants are teetering on the edge and may not survive the loss of business and income.

Yeah spending $30 in a night out in blacksburg was so much at the time... now it’s like 2 drinks + tip lol

My roommate and I used to freak the fuck out if we both spent $15 in a night. Like, “oh no, we can’t eat this week” freak out.

We will prevail. We are Virginia Tech.

As George S. Patton once said, " It is foolish and wrong to mourn the \[people\] who died. Rather we should thank God that such \[people\] lived." 

Never met them or heard anything about them, to me they were just that, but they were somebody's loved ones and didn't deserve to be taken be like that. Nobody Does.

https://www.weremember.vt.edu/biographies/librescu.html

When was this picture taken?

[deleted]

[obligatory](https://youtu.be/O-Qx9dIr-68)

Someone please tell me this pic is not from today

> Never met them or heard anything about them, to me they were just that, but they were somebody's loved ones and didn't deserve to be taken be like that.

We still remember.  

I knew [Ryan Clark](https://www.weremember.vt.edu/biographies/clark.html) (Stack) from my time in the MV's in the early 2000's. 

> At Virginia Tech, Ryan maintained a 4.0 GPA and earned a bachelor of science with a triple major in psychology, biology, and English. He was also a distinguished campus leader. He played the baritone in the Marching Virginians university band and was a resident advisor in West Ambler Johnston Hall. He also was an advisor in the Imaginarium programming resource center and worked at West End Market.

He was the best of us.

Last year I believe.

Definitely wasn't today.

It might be controversial, but I wanted to thank you for saying it. I think it’s something that we all need to keep in mind.


Killers aren’t born, they’re created. All of us, both Hokies as well as society as a whole, need to do better to prevent things like this from happening in the future.

I totally get where you're coming from but I think there's a few things to also consider here: 

For me, most notably would be how would the survivors (parents/friends) feel about their loved one's memorial being right next to him? How would the victims feel about it? I'm aware some of the parents have come out and said that they forgive him but I'd consider that a coping mechanism. 

As for him not being born a killer, and the below comment of killers being created, I think there are a lot of psychiatrists that would disagree. There are people who are brought up in the most loving households by parents and siblings that dote on them and they still go on to be psychopaths. Cho was a fucked up individual from birth and I remember his family back in South Korea attesting to it. He was a popular kid in middle school in NoVa and still hated everyone. When Columbine happened, he was fascinated by it and wanted to "out do" them. He started writing things in his notebooks about how he wanted everyone to burn in hell. 

He was identified by his professors as a problem but since he didn't do anything overtly violent, legally there was nothing they could do. He was flagged in systems, removed from classes (including Nikki Giovanni's) and asked to get help at Cook several times. They couldn't force him to do so.  To say "we (VT)" failed him is an insult to all the people who tried to help him in my opinion. That said, I applaud the compassion and spirit and type this with no ill feelings to others who may have different views.

[removed]

This is a compassionate sentiment but I believe they did the right thing. There have been no protests to add a stone but I'm willing to bet there would be protests to remove one if there were 33. Hokie Nation still hurts from this and it will never be completely understood. 

With the memorial at the heart of campus for everyone to experience is a true testament that 

We will Never Forget! Go HOKIES!

It's not.

I knew Ryan as well in 2004-2005 when I was just a freshman. Still hard to believe this whole thing actually happened.

Yep, it was also posted on the VT Instagram where they confirmed that. A shame that we couldn’t honor their memories like this again, but we still remember

>The way the community came together and the compassion shown for absolutely everyone touched by that day make me more proud to be a hokie than I can put into words.

When this happened, I remember thinking to myself "This is absolutely awful but if there's a community that can withstand it, it's Blacksburg." I've lived in small towns and big cities alike and there's been no place like it.

#gohokies

I always love this meme, but I'm not sure the claim is true. If anything, it seems like it's about Maryland(!)

> According to SongFacts.com, John Denver had never visited either state when he recorded “Country Roads,” his first big hit, in 1971. The song was actually written by two musician friends of his, Bill Naffert and Taffy Nifert, who drove Clopper Road on their way to Gaithersburg, Maryland. In the late 1960s, Clopper Road was a single one-lane road passing through picturesque countryside. Today, much of the road is a busy four-lane highway.

https://www.blueridgeoutdoors.com/go-outside/country-roads-west-or-western-virginia/

¯\\_(ツ)_/¯

Plus the road in question that inspired John Denver is Clopper Road, and road in Maryland

Moonshine capital of the world -> Franklin county, VA.

Shenandoah river -> Mostly in VA, touches maryland, wVA.

Blue Ridge Mountains -> barely in Maryland, not in wVA.

The facts check out, it's about southwest VA.

What the fuck is a *west Virginia*?

I love this

This is a podcast about the song. 

https://www.wvpublic.org/podcast/country-roads-take-me-inside-appalachia

It's still a great song though. Too bad it got co-opted by Cletus.

I call bullshit.  How the fuck is someone just gonna drive through the Maryland countryside, enjoy it so much they decide to write a song, and specifically reference West(ern) Virginia in said song with no mention of Maryland?

Because, you know. That's what the state of Maryland is known for. Its mountains.

It’s about I-81

It's Normal Virginia's malformed vestigial twin.

The opposite of east virginia obv

[It's whatever ...](https://i.imgur.com/Q99cuMY.jpg)

[we want it to be!](https://i.imgur.com/78xCNxf.jpg)

Drugs?

This comment has been overwritten in response to Reddit's limitations on third party API access.

Source?

Tf do you want me to source? Use your brain dawg. A 4 lane highway that runs from Maryland through SWVA

Source?

Source?

Are you suggesting that "Today, much of the road is a busy four-lane highway." Refers to i81? It doesn't. It's referring to how Clopper Road is no longer a country road.

Besides 81 barely existed in the 60s when the song was written.

If 81 barely existed, I think that would push it towards the country road category...

Barely existed as in wasn't fully built/open. It's an interstate; it is never a country road. An interstate opens as at least a 4 lane limited access highway.

No comment

Well - they did commit to fewer desks per classroom.

I was in this class--teacher admitted he hadnt attended any  orientation stuff for the teachers, nor had he checked that his classroom would be large enough for the number of students, nor was he reading all the emails about covid policy.  real freaking bad

There should be comment here. The classroom was clearly set up for less students so either the professor didn’t enforce his capacity limit or people showed up who weren’t supposed to.

Just wanted to check-in with everyone here and pass along that the ECE department is aware of this unacceptable incident. The College of Engineering and the university administration are aware as well and actions like this will not be tolerated.

This stinks. We clowned current Hokies for partying and packing in to Hokie House, but more energy should be directed at the school for allowing something like this to happen. Kids attending a class they need and paid for, shouldn’t be packed in a room and sitting on the floor.

Are we just going to ignore the earring mask holder?

Sounds like Dr. Xu should be getting an unpaid vacation after this. If students can get suspended for not following the rules, so should faculty. Let's hope that ECE does the right thing. 

If one of these students comes down with COVID from this, it will be very bad news for everyone.

[Same room as this one, so it sounds like the professor chose to not give a fuck. Cool. ](https://twitter.com/mikeypsamps/status/1297928669147664384?s=21)

where is this?

Welcome to a $30,000 kindergarten! Crisscrossed applesauce!

Report this instructor the the executive vice provost or vice provost for faculty affairs immediately.

This was my class, it’s electrical theory with Xu Yong... he came out and told all the students waiting outside the class room “we are going to break the rules today so everyone come in and stand around the room” so I just left and reporting him bc that’s some BULLSHIT. Also he told the class he has no idea what he’s doing or how many people were actually in the class

Oh, haven't you heard? Ut Prosim fixes everything

Are they doing a lab? Building something? I don't see anything instructionally spectacular or physically necessary that couldn't have been done online. I'm all for in-person stuff normally and when needed but this picture is like a 2020 college version of "A meeting that could have been an email"

Bruh

Waiting for the Tech press release that will explain how the off-campus students are to blame for this.

Don’t worry guys, ut prosim

Defeats the purpose....Totally different from my class experience today.

This is so stupid. I'm so sorry for you all that are attending right now..

YOU GET COVID, YOU GET COVID, EVERYONE IN THE ROOM GETS COVID!!

Holy shit what a mess

Yeah, the professor doing this sucks. The administration letting him doing it in the first place is worse.

To report issues with classroom instruction and/or issues with faculty: Students should go to the Dean of Students (dean.students@vt.edu) and faculty should go to their respective dept heads. Faculty Affairs (facultyaffairs@vt.edu) can also help.

How many students?

This looks just like mcb 100 when they put 613 students in the class :)))

Dub

[deleted]

Sigh.

yikes

Yeah I was in this class. It’s ECE 2054, crn 83316. It has space for 80 students on hokiespa. 78 enrolled. There were 28 desks.

The professor (Yong Xu) admitted being hadn’t been keeping up with emails and faculty COVID training. He asked us what other classes were doing, and what, if anything, the university had told us. We also received an email from the college apologizing for the screw up and promising to investigate what happened. I wouldn’t normally blame profs for something like this, it seems like a registration screw up, but I’m shocked that he was allowed to and chose to ignore the university’s communications.

Glad you posted it buddy

While im relieved that people are wearing masks its still not enough to curb COVID19. Theres practically no social distancing here. Both the teacher/faculty and the students are at fault here. If i was a student for this class knowing this is how wed have to sit i would have used my f\*\*\*ing common sense and left. Yall would be naiive to think that we could have in person classes like this and not have cases of COVID19.

[deleted]

why r u on the floor tho?

Looks like we’re all going home...

I thought it was bad when there was one kid with his nose out and no one was addressing it including the professor.

That should be reportable lmao.

What professor is this

Omg that’s so sad

Well this is concerning...

I have one in person class this semester and I really hope it doesn't look like this.

UPDATE:

The class is now being taught over zoom, and there is a different prof (at least while they investigate who screwed this one up)

Trying to get my opinion out, but having a hard time.  


[https://www.reddit.com/r/VirginiaTech/comments/igneeo/i\_was\_the\_one\_who\_posted\_the\_picture\_of\_the/](https://www.reddit.com/r/VirginiaTech/comments/igneeo/i_was_the_one_who_posted_the_picture_of_the/)

Looks like productive learning to me

Yo im in this picture

This sub has completely turned into shit on VT, shit on fellow students, we’re all going to be sent home to die sub. We get it. People aren’t following the rules. Time to find something else to whine about.

Dudes should offer the seats to the women.  Chivalry is dead.

Hey now.... let's everyone try to stay positive. Masks work, so everyone will be just fine.

Sorry to highjack, but trying to get my opinion out and having a hard time.

This morning I was approached by a reporter for WSLS 10 about the picture that I posted to this subreddit yesterday. I agreed to an interview as long as my opinion was accurately portrayed. **It was not.** Although they did take direct quotes from me, they did not accurately represent my opinion of the situation. I now want to clarify my point of view since the interview was cherry picked to fit their narrative.

First of all I wanted to make it exceedingly clear that I do not believe anyone should lose their job or career over what happened yesterday. I said this at the very beginning of the interview and made it very clear that I wanted it to be known that this was my stance on it. Everyone that entered that room took a **personal choice** to do so, and I believe that everyone should always have the freedom to make their own personal choices. The responsibility should fall on each individual. If you want to take classes online, take classes online. If you want to take classes in person, take them in person.

Second; my biggest issue about the situation was that I didn't have a seat to sit in... WSLS made it appear that I thought this was an absolute tragedy and strictly about Covid-19 exposure. If I didn't feel safe in that room, **I would not have entered it.** I talked about how sometimes logistics break down and we as a society run into problems. We all make mistakes, even the interviewer shook my hand when they shouldn't have. We need to be very careful that we are not inventing solutions that are worse for us than the original problem. I talked about how people are avoiding going to the hospital for life threatening medical emergencies because they are so afraid of Covid-19. I also stated that I believe that the current strategy is putting more students at risk for depression and possible suicide than the risks they face from Covid-19. The majority of cases at VT are antibody cases which means that you have already gotten over it. Everyone I talk to on campus is desperate for social interaction, they are extremely stressed about their grades because there are less opportunities to study with a group.

Third; I stated that I do think that VT and Blacksburg should not be requiring masks in the city on sidewalks and that they have been unfairly strict on students. I don't believe masks should be mandated, but **I do think you should choose to wear a mask**. I stated that trying to keep college students from partying is like prohibition; it simply will not work. A large part of the college experience is socializing, and not necessarily partying and drinking either. I commend VTs efforts to try to give us as much of a college experience as they can.

Finally, I discussed with the interviewer how the political environment and media are doing exactly what they did to me today. They are twisting everything to fit their point of view, to the point that it is exceedingly obvious. People are losing faith in our government and our media, which means less people are trusting the advice given by the media and government. 

**TL;DR Biased media is biased. See you in person, in class, tomorrow. :)** 

[https://www.wsls.com/news/local/2020/08/25/photo-of-crowded-classroom-worries-some-virginia-tech-students/](https://www.wsls.com/news/local/2020/08/25/photo-of-crowded-classroom-worries-some-virginia-tech-students/)

I was in this class too but I guess I came after he said this or I didn't hear him. Interesting that he wasn't up-to-date with this stuff

It looks like the canvas page up on screen. I can just barely make out "applied ... theory"

Anyone know what the other word might be?

Edit: Found it in another comment down below. It was on [Twitter][1]: Applied Electrical Theory. Xu Yong.

[1]: https://mobile.twitter.com/mikeypsamps/status/1297928669147664384?s=21

or, and hear me out here: someone screwed up the registration system

RIP Sub Station II Sad for Blacksburg/VT but well deserved for Hamid.

Booking a trip to Blacksburg purely so I can have one of those subs for the last time. Nothing else out there hits quite like them. RIP to a real one, but best wishes for Hamid.  


Also shout out to their website for barely changing since 2006.

I'm glad that Hamid is doing it to retire and not because he has to.

This man deserves a statue or building named after him on campus.

We're losing a good one

But he has earned his rest

Damn, had many hungover lunches there.

Chicken salad on rye got me through grad school, that's a damn shame. Sometimes the employees would just mess with people who asked where Sub Station I was. Sometimes they would say it was in Christiansburg, sometimes it burned down, sometimes it was rebuilt on that location.

NOOOOOOOOO

RIP to one of the best in the burg

I've been going to SSII since just a couple years after it opened.

Hamid is the GOAT: hands-on, diligent and always grateful for your business. I hope he enjoys his retirement.

...but no more #19 subs? How will I go on?

NOOOOOOOOO - but in all seriousness, best wishes for his retirement

Definitely gonna miss the place, although I hadn't eaten there in years (moving diagonally across the country will do that).

Congrats and happy, restful retirement to Hamid!

Truly devastating, but I hope he enjoys his retirement!

😢

I've been in BB for years but never tried it. What should I order?

That’s sad… those sandwiches were my late night study sesh fuel. I all but lived in the Chemistry Learning Center my junior and senior years for those sweet wall to wall white boards and I would get a foot long on their honey wheat to help me keep going until (often) it was time to catch the last bus to my apartment.

The guy created a local Institution … and then the tough part: Kept it going for nearly 4 decades!  It'll be missed.

Rip. So many fond memories. Pouring one out for you Hamid

One of the few places that have been here longer than me. 

If anyone deserves an awesome retirement, it's Hamid. 

I wonder if he will sell to anyone.

Nooo that’s been my go to place the last couple years!

Loved going there while a TA in Major Williams in the late 90s.

With McAlister's and Sub Station both closed, what's the next best deli in the area? Trying to find a worthy Reuben replacement.

🫡

RIP you will be missed 🫶

No wayyyyy

I am going to take my residents there so they can have at least experienced it once before it ends.

:(

I have been eating their since I was a kid.  Another one bites the dust.  Mike’s was the first big loss and this one is just as bad.

Anyone know what's gonna happen to the building?

Guess I gotta grab a sub, never had one from here before. Sad news, but good on him that he’s retiring. He deserves it.

I miss that place :(

F

:(

Sub station is the best.

I'm glad he's retiring though, and that this isn't about poor sales.

I’ve never been so sad

Nooooooo, wow, that sucks. They provided a significant portion of my food during my most recent stint in Blacksburg - definitely need to make a trip up to get a last sub on my way home for the holidays

Happy retirement Hamid! Sad to see it go though.

So, I put in an application to continue store operations and even received a phone call from the CEO the morning after. However, they made it clear that the building location is no longer available and cannot be reused for the franchise. I'm assuming any available vacant locations are far enough off-campus from general student/faculty traffic that it's not worth the investment.

Sorry folks. :(

This been around for years as I watched AGP 💔

Petition to change Lane Stadium to Hamid Stadium?

Just down the street is the (wholly unrelated) Sub Station for VT Electric Service. Sign and everything.

Any cold cut sub. Their hot subs are fine but the cold cuts are where it’s at. They are known for their #19…basically a super Italian. But don’t sleep on the turkey and cheese. My favorite is roast beef turkey and cheese. Lunch specials on weekdays. 8.50 for a 6 inch, chips, and fountain drink. Go to the website to see sub of the day for lunch special. Today is turkey. Tomorrow is ham and salami.

The special

I always get the special. Though #13 (ham, salami, pepperoni) is my go to which is the special on Fridays (or at least it used to be).

Not sure if they have Reubens but the Milk Parlor has great grilled cheese and you can still get a tugboat there as a secret menu item

PKs has a decent Ruben. But never tried the substation ruben. Honestly cold cuts at SS are where it’s at.

What took over Mike’s?

I love it!!

Do they got any good vegetarian options?

Nothing really.  The redid the whole complex.

Maroon Door occupies the space that used to be Mike's and Cooks Cleaner that was next door. As the other poster  said it's been remolded so it looks nothing like Mike's.

Their cheese sub got me through grad school

Stay safe Hokies.

I live in Charllotsville not hard.

Same

Memorial for boy who died Hi all. There’s currently a memorial of flowers and other items for the student who died from getting hit by that truck the other day. It’s at the same spot he was hit.  If you can, please feel free to leave flowers, letters/notes, and other gifts in remembrance of his life. ❤️ his name was Franklin Zhang and he was a freshman from Canada. 

The whole situation is incredibly tragic and it makes me feel really sad to think about. I hope he’s resting peacefully.

My heart goes out to his loved ones. I can’t imagine the pain. 

Hokies, please be safe!

My heart is broken, as a mom, for this boy and his family

Thank you for sharing.

Such a tragedy. My condolences to his family, I can’t imagine what they’re going through right now.

he sat next to me in math :( we weren’t friends or anything but you could tell he was a smart guy

My thoughts and prayers to his family!

Heartfelt sympathy to his family and all who knew him.

Where exactly is the memorial site?

[deleted]

I watched almost the entire  thing happen inside of a bus as a bystander. Very tragic rest in peace

So sad

That is terrible. Rest in peace Mr. Zhang and condolences to family and friends at such a difficult time.

[removed]

On prices fork, right next to the Buffalo wild wings

It’s still being investigated but from what we do know the truck did flip over and another car was involved in the accident :(

There’s lots of different articles about the incident and many witnesses. He got hit a few feet from the pole presumably waiting for the bus. The truck also didn’t hit the pole because it didn’t drive into it, it flipped over and hit the victim.

Regardless, someone who attended our university died (who was very much a human being with dreams and aspirations just like any of us) and it’s gross that your reaction to this tragedy is to question the location he got hit.

I watched them repair it a few days ago while I was on the way to class - and I also saw the accident, the pole was indeed hit and thats where the incident happened.

I hope you are not a Hokie because that statement goes against everything Ut Prosim stands for. Do better and be a better person.

Not everything is a conspiracy.

[removed]

It does go against everything I stand for, that guy is a dick!

Rage bait used to be believable.

Your idea of great is different than most. The “great” you are looking for doesn’t exist here. Try Russia.

Agree with you there. Although, I will add that I don't usually consider POSs like u/[One\_Investigator\_796](https://www.reddit.com/user/One_Investigator_796/) human anyway. I'm just surprised to see that seemingly low-level life forms like [One\_Investigator\_796](https://www.reddit.com/user/One_Investigator_796/) have evolved enough to be able to post comprehensively on reddit. Truly biological... miracles/curses? Idk.

Having to constantly force myself to remember that this isn’t an extended summer break and we have to actually do work now

[Try to stay brave ...](https://youtu.be/x08Fl_mDNkI?t=62)

[deleted]

It's so hard for me to pay attention in my zoom lectures, and I have 2 assignments and a midterm due tonight. Uuugggghhhh so hard to focus!!!

I mean i’m still sleeping in every day cuz most of my classes are “go at your own pace” type things lol

what sucks the most is it's not even like I have more free time. I just do everything at home now.

I gotta say I'm loving working from home, but that's totally different.

I mean...

[deleted]

I have an extra hour each day now that I don't have to wait for the bus/take the bus. And I'm using that extra hour on sleep.

Ah the privilege to not have to work over summer break. I could dream

Tell me about, I fucking missed my midterm

zoom lectures aren't even the worst of it for me. most of my classes just make videos so at least with the zoom lectures being live i can feel obligated to focus

I find to stay motivated make really pretty notes to trick yourself into paying attention to lectures. Or ask your prof to do some sort of topics sheet/guided notes for video lectures

As someone who just cranked out a biology project in a single, caffeine/nicotine/adderall fueled hour, I relate.

to the freshman who stopped me on campus today and asked if I was lost and needed help finding a building: thank you! that was very kind of you :) I’m a senior...

That was very Ut Proism of them tho

[deleted]

I’m a grad student so I hardly ever go to the dining halls but last year I stopped by HokieGrill to get food and I guess I looked confused because the ladies working at the BBQ place asked if I was a freshman and I was very flattered because I have not been a freshman in undergrad since 2009 😂

were you wearing a big backpack, campus map, and a lanyard ID?

I've been here for 22 years and I still don't know the buildings

[deleted]

It was the what’s a hokie I am shirt wasn’t it

Well, we are waiting.... were you?

Not all koalas who wander are lostkoalas!

Username checks out

Question - did you confirm this person was a freshman or are you making a reciprocal assumption? Maybe you're both seniors and this is the beginning of a just awful rom com.

My wife and I graduated 5 years ago and we get season tickets in East stands right next to the students. One asked my wife if she was a freshman or a sophomore

https://www.reddit.com/r/VirginiaTech/comments/igneeo/i_was_the_one_who_posted_the_picture_of_the/

i was walking back from taco bell with my roommate, and a freshmen outside waffle house asked me if we were lost...im a junior and my roommate is a senior lol

Well...did you get the help you needed?

A senior being lost? r/unexpected .

bruh i haven’t even set foot on campus lol

Time to petition Reddit for an ut prosim award

baby-face gang!!!

I used to get asked if I lost my orientation group once orientation came around, nearly every single year until I graduated. But I always appreciated the help!

I was on my phone so I guess I looked like I was looking for directions lolllll

Don't worry, with the way Tim Sands is changing the names of the buildings on campus nobody else does either.

[deleted]

\^ This.

no :’(

LOL yeah we talked, they were a freshman, there was embarrassment all around

Look at this ...reddit is shadow banning this guys story

Well, I did get help...whether or not it was needed is debatable though!

I wasn’t lost but I guess I looked really heckin confused haha

I concur

Why is this so downvoted? lol

And THATS how you get hit on by a freshman!

How do you know it's been shadow banned?

There was a relatively small amount of evidence that Claudius Lee, who the building was named after, was a secret Klan member. Thus the building was renamed to avoid the controversy or make anyone feel unwelcome on campus.

oh god oh no

This is my second year living in a lounge

Off campus is calling your name

5 years in a row... and likely some before I got there

The dining halls are so crowded. There is no space to walk at all.

Who else living with an RA?

Same issues as every year. I imagine this year it's just twice as bad.

Ohh noo all local businesses are packed! That's like so bad and stuff.  *sigh*

Lounges were used as far back as 2001.

I was a freshman in 2008 and they over admitted then too. Granted, it wasn’t as bad as this year - there were people in triples, common rooms, and they offered to let people live off campus.

This is why you gotta lunch at 11 or at 2/3. Turner at 12? Dont bother

West End is a joke. I've gone there three times at various times of day and always wound up walking out to go somewhere else because the lines wrapped around the building. VT was full of shit when they said they were "prepared" for the influx of diners.

What’s it like so far and what dorm are you in

There were people in triples when I was a freshman in 1991.   Never heard of anyone living in lounges back then though.

Honestly I’m thinking of getting protein and cliff bars for between class, then eating a big lunch after my last class at 3:45 or eating right before that class at 2.

Even 1, Turner at 1 was decent.

East AJ. Not too bad he is pretty  cool

Kevin Roberts, Project 2025 chief who warned 'second revolution' could become bloody, is a Virginia Tech graduate

...so is Steve Bannon...

Edit: somebody else pointed this our before me, sorry I can't read

UVA grad here, if it makes you feel any better, we have Richard Spencer as a disavowed alumn. We’ve all got shithead alumni

Not very Ut Prosim of him

Yes, the guy saying that the revolution will be bloodless if liberals allow to be being a Tech alum is not a good look. This dude isn’t conservative, he’s a nut job.

[deleted]

You'll be shocked to learn that a lot of Tech grads are conservative.  Steve Bannon is also a Tech grad.

The growing influence of Fairfax County at Tech doesn't mean we all feel the same way.

UGA alum. Not sure why this was recommended.

 If it makes you feel any better, we got Marjorie Taylor Greene.

Ugh, so is Steve Bannon 🤢

Wow! Embarrassing!

Why does this information matter?

Shitty humans are everywhere.

Actually he said it would only be bloody if the left decided it would be

Convicted felon currently serving time Steve Bannon is too. Ut Prosim, am I right?

I can never let my sister find out about this

(She is a uva student)

Two men, each sporting a micropenis, shaking hands.

That is unfortunate! Vote blue!

Imagine that, a school that has thousands upon thousands of graduates has a few you don’t like. Shocking!

No way!!! I don't believe that even at a pretty liberal college there are some conservatives!!! It's almost like not all people have the same viewpoints even if they come from the same area!!! Astonishing!

I’m buying a gun to protect myself. If they can have them I should have one for protection.

That checks out… def on brand

They should rescind his degree

Source: [https://www.heritage.org/staff/kevin-d-roberts-phd](https://www.heritage.org/staff/kevin-d-roberts-phd)

POV: Redditor learns your political views don’t matter in getting a college degree

🤡

great

The first revolution was bloody. Why wouldn't the second one be if it even happenes?

Who tf cares

[deleted]

Breaking news:

The majority of college students do not care much about politics, and when politics are forced onto them will respond with annoyance

NOOOOOO SOMEONE DOESNT AGREE WITH ME BUT GOES TO MY SCHOOL WAHHH

So there actually are real people involved with project 25? I thought it was just a boogeyman made up from democratic operatives to get gullible people angry.

If you vote for Joe Biden, you’re an idiot

Gross

The other organizer for Unite the Right is a dishonorable Hoo too i believe

[deleted]

Took invent the future the wrong way

> This dude isn’t conservative, he’s a nut job.

Like these are mutually exclusive positions.

Conservatives are *all* fucking nut jobs today. Or did you miss the whole Republican Convention?

He isn't a conservative?  Really?

[deleted]

Since when did we normalize political violence being a part of conservatism like it’s NBD. This dude isn’t getting a spotlight for pushing a flat tax rate policy. But okay sure, this is normal now.

P2025 isn’t conservative, it’s actually the exact opposite of that. They’re not trying to conserve anything, they’re looking to fundamentally transform the way this country functions at all levels. They’re technically a progressive movement, just not the kind of progress that is usually associated with that term, namely more equality and better standard of living for all. They’re trying to progress towards authoritarian rule.

There’s conservative, and then there are guys like Kevin Roberts and Steve Bannon. I have no doubt students at tech (and, indeed, every university) are conservative, but what’s notable is these guys are both a). controversial and b). insane.

Call me crazy - trying to overthrow the election isn’t conservative

I mean it’s true everywhere.

Trump, Cruz, Youngkin, DeSantis, Cotton and a bunch more are all Ivy grads. Yet will turn around and decry the communist infiltration of the very Ivy schools they became so conservative in.

Steve Bannon is also a felon currently serving time in a CT prison for the next few months. Go Hokies!

Why drag Fairfax County into this? There are plenty of other blue areas in VA

But like, also Hota Kotb, and she seems chill

It doesn’t, OP just wants to inject politics where it doesn’t belong

If it doesn't matter to you, why tf are you here? Keep scrolling. Lol

He is my favorite alumnus. I am so happy to know he went here. I think we should put statues of him in Eggleston ... come to think of it, maybe all of the residence halls

Rate my Kroger haul Should keep me fed and hydrated for the next couple weeks

Nary a fruit or vegetable in sight.

[deleted]

What no cooking skills does to a mf

Did kidney stones make this post?

I love that this doesn’t have anything to do with VT and could even be a random Kroger in Mississippi

Buy a fruit or veggie damn man

Crazy how expensive it is to eat like that in reality despite those being stereotypical “poor college student foods”

9 gallons of soda…

Bait

Fuel that will make you grow nice and strong❤️

Stay active! Looks like what I ate in college when I gained 50lbs.

public tidy apparatus snow live heavy distinct historical lunchroom soup

 *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev/home)*

Lots of fat and sugar and carbs

Disappointed you didn't go with the Kroger brand of hot pockets and root beer!

I'll rate it as diabetes/10.

I got second hand acne from this photo

Drink water! Eat a vegetable!

And people wonder why America has an obesity crisis

Bruh I feel sorry for your butthole.  *Hemorrhoids entered the chat*

Salt

On a scale from 1-obese. Obese.

Dude said “fed and hydrated” 💀

140 / 90

96 cans of soda. Already knowing how this mf built. Fat

Sad..  
all processed food and soda’s..

On a scale of 1 to dead?

Yessirr the fatass special 😈

Didn’t know my roommate used reddit…

0 nutritious calories in sight

I’m concerned about your health

Like a 35 year old man child grocery shopping

Chemotherapy companies love seeing this lmao

Hell yeah

You must hate your body

That is a unhealthy haul of foods & drinks...

On the scale of Freshman to Post grad, I rate this "LAN party".

This will catch up to you at 24.

-76

That's a lot of soda

I had a couple years where I ate like this and it gave me acid reflux and leaky bowel syndrome. I also drank energy drinks everyday and binge drank multiple times a week.

At least you got sugar free!

5/7, perfect score

Bunch of processed bullshit. Learn to eat healthy man.

Seek help

U needa eat healthier dude

Soda and hot pockets. The diet of champions

1 star. 
You got empty calories with all that soda (filled with aspartame). No fruits or veggies. No fiber. Frozen garbage full of preservatives. Try again.

I don’t really like the ham and cheddar hot pockets tbh

Must not know how to cook

There are like only 2 good types of hot pockets, the meatball mozzarella and the pepperoni. If you buy any other you are (in my opinion) sadistic.

high closterol speedrun

You get the deals on the soda boxes? They had buy 2, get 3 free for a bit.

Pro Shot version of Enter Sandman Lane Stadium May 7th 2025

So unbelievably fucking cool

Epic

Where is this clip from?

Hell yeah

I only see 3 of them on stage?  Where was Trujillo?

Full Length Version PLEASE!

Damn it! Where is the rest of it LOL! I was sick but so glad I forced myself to go. It was epic to say the least.

W clip, wish I was there

Will do anything but be good at football

Last night 5/7. They played a show at lane stadium.

heaven

The stage was donut-shaped, and the 4 of them were rarely standing in the same spot

They also rotated counterclockwise on the stage throughout the show. They started on West end and finished there.

Here's the best version I've seen from someone in the crowd that's from start to finish of Enter Sandman:  
Link: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3FdWedjFnus](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3FdWedjFnus)

This was the only version I could find and it's from the Virginia Tech Facebook page. But if they recorded it like this then there's got to be more!

Shot I took of Torg Bridge in the snow.

New phone lock screen

😍😍😍 Flawless shot!

Neat! 📷

Lovely

Dylan?

Do you perhaps have a link to a higher resolution version of this? Amazing photo btw!

Great shot...even though I have always thought the Torg Bridge was an eyesore that permanently marred the view down the VT mall.

When virginia has more snow that chicago.

Well done!

Oh cool. Was this the snow storm during finals week?

[deleted]

Thank you!

Thank you so much!

Thanks!

Thank you

Correct haha

Unless reddit degrades the quality this should be my max, but if not here it is on [flickr](https://flic.kr/p/2cCSRxz)

Right? I'm in Wisconsin and there's nothing here. This snow before finals week is the most I've seen this winter.

Thank you!

Yes it was, couldn't resist going out to shoot it.

I'm gonna miss it when I'm gone thats for sure

Seconded. Beautiful picture!

Thank you I appreciate it!

She would like to speak with Lane’s manager

Who knew lane stadium was the 5th floor of the Library

Not the wine and cheese crowd they're used to in Chapel Hill lol

This seems like satire.

Lane stadium is rated one of the most intimidating places to play for a reason

Is that not the point of a football stadium?

#karensofUNC

A non-Covid related shitting on UNC is much welcome. Thank you

Well your players and coaches dream of it. Take the L.

If she wants to enjoy a silent crowd she should head to Charlottesville and catch a UVA game.

I see she is one of the south side favorites. 

South side seats. The best place to sit and politely watch a Tech game

HA

HA

HA

good fuck this lady

That's the fucking point lady

More like Tar Squeal!!!

Tar Heel? I think she misspelled “Karen”

Lmfao,  I guess she doesn’t know what home field advantage means.  Or has never watched a home game for any NFL team,  perhaps try watching a home game for the Seattle Seahawks, whiner

In terms of football, your absolutely right totally dead. I’ve been to a few duke unc basketball games though and let me tell you………

"This Tar Heel will not be returning."

Problem report closed. Working as intended.

Good

[deleted]

As someone from the Triangle, there is very little school spirit compared to VT, especially for such a rivalry that should exist between the three big schools in that area (UNC, NCSU, Duke). I've been to a few home games at all three schools and they are just so damn boring. Sorry this lady never went to a real football game.

Lol clearly this lady has never been to a football game before

This is the most insane W for us I’ve ever seen

She can watch from Newman Library next year.

😂🤣😂

I honestly can’t tell if this is trolling or real, the Karen dilema.

Hoes mad

Whos Sam?    /s

Crowd gets the W

flowery consist mysterious theory lock violet connect bag quicksand shy

 *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev/home)*

Don’t let the door hit ya.

One more seat to fill with a screaming Hokie.

Or Torg Bridge

I wish it was but I actually know this person.

I hope it returns to that status. After a decade of mediocrity, it has been pretty quiet and not filled to the brim.

That said, I wish it wasn't during a deadly pandemic that this were to be the time it was restored to its former glory.

this was a good laugh with how i read it in my head

\#karensofUNC

FTFY 

Next time when you want to put a \# you have to put a \\ in front of it. Like this: \\#

<3

They offer the fans a complementary Zima and charcuterie boards as you enter stadium to watch the football competition. To make sure the dozens of fans are comfortable.

The night game @UNC in 2018 got loud as fuck....

Thank her for us then, we've gotten so many laughs from it :)

Even funnier.

carpenter abounding memorize wrench instinctive upbeat grey cable pocket sip

 *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev/home)*

What do you mean? We were all there Friday

TBF charcuterie boards are good AF. Who doesn't love cheese, meat, and crackers? I fuckin love snacks.

[deleted]

Yes for a season opener against a top 10 team after a pandemic left stadiums empty for a year on a holiday weekend.

I like them too they are great you get to pick and choose to find the perfect combination of sweet, salt, and tang by mixing the fruit, meat, and cheese.

Ha ha ha ha, nice

public nutty thumb brave command workable memory wakeful beneficial chubby

 *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev/home)*

Oh I see

Lack of Goth Girls As a freshman boy at Virginia Tech, I am saddened at the lack of goth girls who attend here. The majority of girls here are Blonde Taylor Swift Starbucks girls who seem to lack personality and originality. The underrepresentation of the goth girl subculture at VT is likely tied to a few aspects, how it is notorious for its partying, (not typically a goth girl interest) the constant vibrant and sunny atmosphere, (ditto), and the overall lack of diverse appeal. I know that my fellow VT male brethren are also disappointed at the lack of goth mommies here, they likely just conceal their pain better than I am capable of. Every single day I wake up and do my morning prayer hoping to spot an emo goth girl somewhere around campus, but alas, to no avail. Perhaps I am merely looking in the wrong places. If anyone knows where to find them please message me ASAP. Or if you are a goth girl reading this, don’t be afraid to shoot me a DM. I believe without finding a goth girl my mental health will continue to plummet and I’m afraid to know what I’m capable of if that happens. I may have to look into transferring if this issue does not get resolved. Any tips are much appreciated, thanks!


edit: Thank you all for your participation and input, it was very enlightening!  credit goes to u/MedicalInspector6374 and please do not message me as I am just a girl...

What did I just read

Edit: nvm I approve

Shoulda gone to vcu my man

New copypasta just dropped

May not work for you, but this is how I’ve found and bagged. For finding goth women, hit up Milk Parlor for band nights, find local bands chat and find your way to the house shows. Start skating, going out more, and you’ll find goth girls eventually. As for tips on how to bag, I’d start with making sure you’re a drug addict(this helps A LOT). Once you see a goth girl that you’d let peg, cut, and abuse you. Find your balls and go up to them. I always start off with telling them I dig whatever seems to have taken the longest to style or find. They’ll eat this up if they dig u. Following this, I transition to music. It’s imperative to have some form of “something about life isn’t so great” music taste(metal, certain rock, and maybe some hyper-pop). Talk about your interest in some songs and make sure to ask them what they like. Then act interested, etc. If everything has gone smoothly, you hit ‘em with the “you smoke?” If they do, invite them to yours. If yes, get there, turn on the tunes ask ‘em to play some shit, roll up, and mission success. It’s imperative you don’t misgender and that you match the clothing vibe. Good luck virgin🫡

Former goth/industrial girl here. I see that nothing has changed since 1997 - 2002 when I was at VT. In my case, I used to settle for emo/punk or jock types that just happened to like metal, etc. until I finally met a fellow goth/industrial guy 3.5 years in. Married him in 2002 and we're still together with a house, kids, etc.  These days we look/dress like "normal" people so that we can keep jobs that pay for it all.  However, our music tastes are the same and we went to see Skinny Puppy and Depeche Mode this year. 

This advice is 20+ years old, but it seemed like the few goth/industrial girls were architecture, interior design, biology or chemistry majors (in general, look for smart girls and you'll find goth girls). My husband and the other couple of goth guys he was friends with were CS or engineering majors. We both avoided business majors like the plague.

Pull up to some shows at XYZ Gallery man! There you'll find a higher concentration of VT art hoes, and by proxy goth girls than most other spots in the area.

So true bestie

This is a major problem that we as a society need to solve

lmfaooo me n my roommate were talking bout the goth mommy drought a few days ago

They work at Eats and a lot of the coffee/tea shops in the area..
You’re at the wrong college for goth mommies 🫥

ik this is a joke and as a goth/alt girlie this is p funny, but we don’t gotta put down other girls w/ different aesthetics to make a joke :((( this metal mommy loves the swiftie girlies hahah

thanks for the credit 😂

I’ve never felt so appreciated, I will definitely now be wearing my tattoo choker a little more often

As a goth woman, agreed.

Gotta spin up a new equity, inclusion, diversity department initiative

"Constant Vibrant and Sunny Atmosphere"  - what the hell are you talking about -when I went to VT it was always cloudy gray with a chance of rain this time of year.

i'm glad we're finally talking about the real issues

Be the change you want to see. What is stopping you from becoming a hot goth girl? It doesn't matter that you are a man

HOLUP LET HOMIE COOK

Rip off All your skin perhaps

Sometimes you have to groom your own

If you aren't seeing them, you gotta go where they are. Do some research, get familiar with their hang outs, dress accordingly.

nah this copypasta really a shield to find where the goth girls are actually at

i met my punk dyed hair partner at tech😎😎they’re like unicorns but they do exist.

This post is *my shit*

<Invent the Goth Future>

Blacksburg Books, Southpaw Café, Bollos, vintage market

Sorry us goth girls don’t like people and we prefer online classes

They're all at the edging club

maybe you can set up a club for this?? I dress a lil bit in goth style. first semester here, really want to meet more friends...kinda hard to find the group. if you use Instagram, I can follow you and talk more about any chance to build up a club/group

idk man there’s this one girl on the VT 2024 sc story 😂

Consider transferring to a northern Midwest university (Madison, UofM, Chicago, Michigan, etc…). That’s where I found mine.

Lol your gonna transfer because you can't find a goth girl?

You’re super edgy using derogatory and dehumanising terms against white girls, this is very rebellious of you.

Bro attends every college 😭😭😭

I didn't know about goth girls until after college, and now they ruin my life every 3-4 months.

The lack of creativity amongst this crop of students is just sad.

Preach bro i'm still lookin....

You could be the goth girls

There is a skate shop in Roanoke that does a Goth Night on the second Friday of every month.  

https://www.facebook.com/beyondthecryptgoth

I saw this exact same post on the App State sub reddit

Dang, I should have accepted admission to VT

IM CRYING WHAT EVEN IS THIS POST

I read the same post on Iowa State University subreddit weird !!!!!

Start going to house shows ! Check out the architecture majors and design majors I promise some gothies are here you just have to seek them out

Anniversary Gifts: Gothic Edition  
Ever since Aleister Crowley wrote the definitive list of wedding anniversary gifts in 1899, the tradition has carried on with presents of Paper for the first anniversary, Gold for the 50th, Diamond for the 60th, and many fun ventures in between.   
But what can the discerning goth give a loved one or polycule for their anniversary while avoiding the common Victorian tradition?   
Here is the official list by the most famous goth of all, Orval Madden:  
1- Spider-Themed Jewelry  
2- Black Leather Or PVC  
3- One (1) Vincent Price Movie On VHS  
4- Barnes & Noble’s Leatherbound “Complete Works of Edgar Allan Poe”  
5- Cloth Cut From A Condemned Clergyman, Or A Nice Hourglass With A Little Silver Skull On It  
10- Darkness, Sadness, And Pain (Written In Calligraphy On Framed Parchment)  
20- Bloodborne for PS4, Or One (1) Tear From Your Cheek In A Glass Vial  
30- Complete Skeleton Of A Small Animal, Or One (1) Human Bone  
40- All Siouxsie “MixTape” On A Wax Phonograph Cylinder  
50- Live Bats  
60- Your First Childhood Toy, Damaged By Time And Neglect, Which Once Unveiled Reminds You Of The Last Time You Felt Hope And Grew Painfully Beyond it, Declaring That You Would No Longer Feel, Only Days Later Meeting Your True Love, Tragically Forever Unable To Embrace Them With Anything More Than A Sad Memory Of What You Once Believed Love Could Be.  
66- Bela Lugosi’s Corpse

Wait wait he has a point

My husband shared this thread and we're literally dying from laughing. Before meeting me he spent weekends in Richmond for this exact purpose.

This was also true 20+ years ago.

This is being posted everywhere and I’m here for it

Check This Out VT

Sometimes when I'm applying for something and I have to search up the school I have a mini heart attack when "Virginia Tech" has no results and then I realize I gotta type out the formal name lmao

Virginia Tech University 🤮

VPISU all the way

This comment has been overwritten in response to Reddit's limitations on third party API access.

Oh you mean V Poly?

…or we could call places like the Massachusetts Institute of Technology “Mass Tech” 

Vippisu! 

VPI or die

More respect with more syllables. 

I think of Virginia Tech as the football team for southern VA, while the Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University is where I studied.

You need a third frame with the jacked up looking Winnie the Pooh and the text VA Tech

This was my friend looking at my diploma. "Wtf is Virginia polytechnic?" I'm like that's tech's fancy pants name.

Haha, love this

Virginia A&M >

It's like when they try to be a football team. 

&#x200B;

There is a supreme court case about one of their rapist quarterbacks that is studied in every law school.

  
And then the Vicks.

Vuyyy Tuyyy

I was on the bookstore website looking for some swag yesterday and it's everywhere. Someone needs to get their shit straight at the bookstore. I ended up not buying anything because it was so bad.

Ohhh, Wait... You mean V nic tute tate sity?

VTech

“Virgin Tech”

VAMU

Shut the fuck up

Send a complaint to the contact info on said site. I am sure the bookstore pays good money for the website.

vAh TeCh

... shitty telephony company.

Prove me wrong, then

http://vatech.edu/

THERE it is. Goddamnit. I hate it so much.

Tell me what the different names VT goes by has to do with football teams, rape, and the Vick brothers. Gtfo with your click bait irrelevancy bullshit. Goodbye.

Don’t touch the cenotaph. Shame on whoever this is. Genuinely. 

Only 3,400 US servicemen have ever earned the medal of honor. 8 of those were Tech alum and their names are on the cenotaph at the pylons. 

Don’t touch it. Don’t do this.

Most experienced grad photoshoot photographers know this is forbidden and the person taking the photos is just as much to blame.

Do you think these people are reddit user or instagram users?  They need to be told not to climb on cenotaphs for pictures, by a responsible society member who sees them doing it on site

I had never heard the term cenotaph before reading this thread. Definitely not cool, but doubtful it was intentionally insensitive.

Here's the thing.. I highly doubt anyone told them. Rather than shaming them, educate them. If they were doing it intentionally, then sure shame them but most students sadly dont understand the meaning of the pylons or the cenotaph.

I agree but I also feel like this is a graduation photo, no? Shouldn’t a person know after 4 years that that would be awful to do?

I feel like if anyone sees someone doing this, it is 100% appropriate to bark ‘Get off the Cenotaph!’ In the most irate manner you can muster.

this photo is old / recycled for clicks

Yeah- shame on them. It’s very clearly labeled, and is very obvious that it’s a memorial with people’s names on it, and they defile it anyways. 

Those 8 brave men fought for them- fought and died, just for them to do stupid shit like this. 

Plus- they’re old enough to know what a cenotaph is. None of this “maybe they didn’t know it was a memorial” stuff.

Upon my first visitor tour / prospective student tour here at VT, I was made aware what the pylons and what the memorial stood for. 

When I had been accepted and attended orientation I was again reminded what these stood for through yet another tour. 

Upon living in my llc, my mentor then again took a group of us for a tour and yet again, reminded us what the pylons and memorial resembled. 

Using the excuse, "I've been here 4 years and didn't know what this was" is bs in my eyes. 

Even having not lived in any of the llc, or having not lived in the Corp, every undergrad student is made aware of the fact that this is VT. 

The pylons are smack in the middle of the campus. You can't be serious to say you don't know not to sit on a memorial? 

Even if you didn't know what these pylons and memorial meant, you will tell me to my face that for 4 years you walked by this memorial, and never asked yourself, "I don't know what this is for, let me search it up." 

Even if you don't give a crap, you perhaps didn't think, "hmmmm never seen anyone do this before, let me do it"

The pylons ARE just as IMPORTANT to the "VT EXPERIENCE" as enter sandman in lane. In a school that is focused so much on community, this is absurd. Instead of just coming here to get wasted and go to a "football" school, maybe some of my peers should use their brains for a minute out of the day and think, "maybe this is not a good idea." 

To be honest, the pylons are the most important thing at this school alongside the April 16th memorial.

A former soldier who's known a couple MoH recipients... I think they'd get a kick out of hot girls posing on their memorial.

but look how hot I looked!!! -  tee hee hee

If she’s taking senior pictures she definitely as a senior knew that you shouldn’t touch it, and anyone with common knowledge wouldn’t pose like that on top of a war hero memorial

Holy hell, I just was down there for a campus tour and our tour guide got so serious as soon as she told us not to touch the cenotaph, didn't think anyone would do it...Shame on them honestly

[removed]

Hopefully she was educated on what ever socials she posted that image on. She's dumb and entitled but hey, great legs.

gross ...

You need to send a picture of this to the office of student conduct. This is not okay on so many levels

Did OP say something to them or just take a photo and run to Reddit?

not a big deal to me honestly

https://preview.redd.it/xrzjlafp4kye1.jpeg?width=442&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=7cc576141039511a26cccf7a2f5c7bafbc023cd0

According to a FB post, this was the photographer.

The photographer looks like her mom so we can blame her on more than one account.

[deleted]

It says it on the label in front of the stone. So not deliberately insensitive but definitely ignorant or plain old entitled.

The Corps requires cadets to know the name. There's a 24 hour rotating guard ceremony at least once a year. It's a big deal. Two Corps graduates died in the Iraq war and another Virginia Tech graduate who wasn't in the Corps. Ceremonies were held there.

I'm sure not intentionally insensitive but it's the kind of thing that should get people fined or banned or both. Like Ozzy Osbourne getting arrested and fined $40 ($100 today) for urinating on the cenotaph at The Alamo. I think was just for public intoxication but the 10 year ban from San Antonio was for the act itself. He also publicly apologized.

And you go to VT?

It says “do not touch”

It says do not touch.

Hard agree. Show UT Prosim. They aren’t on this sub probably

If they’re graduating from VT, they should know not to touch the cenotaph. It’s an extremely important memorial at VT and I would be surprised if students didn’t know about it and the rules for not touching it. Disgusting behavior, especially sitting on it. Placing a hand on it is one thing (still not great) but sitting on it and posing for pictures is another kind of disrespect entirely.

Grown ass college kids don’t know what a cenotaph is?

No, because how would most people know? This isn’t exactly something that’s commonly talked about, and most students aren’t frequenting that part of the pylons on a regular basis. I’m graduating this spring, I wouldn’t know the cenotaph even existed had I not taken pylon club pictures there two years ago. All it takes for someone to do something like this is missing one warning inscribed in the stone itself iirc, evidently not very fuckin clearly if this is happening so often. Did you know the raised platform is also considered revered ground that you’re not supposed to touch either? I certainly didn’t, and I bet you didn’t know that either. That’s the problem.

I’m baffled that, at an engineering school of all places, people are constantly getting so upset at the strangers who do this but not the poor design of the monument that allows it to happen again and again. To me, the school disrespects the names more than any one person because their shitty design just repeatedly invites people who don’t know any better to come and disrespect it. This is never a problem with the 4/16 memorial, why do you think that is?

I have no idea what this is or have never seen it. Looks like a rock to me

Nah, just happened this past weekend.

it literally happened over the last few days

Exactly. Maybe they didn’t know the word “cenotaph” or the significance, but I’m positive they can read the sign saying “do not touch” or the names inscribed and assume it’s a memorial of some sort

Ngl I doubt those 8 guys really care about someone taking a picture on a chiseled stone.

what do you want people to do with this information? why did you track down her socials?

Your post has been removed for the following reason:

> Your post contains personal information about yourself or someone else. 

Don't post anyone's personal information, or post links to personal information. This includes links to public social media pages and screenshots of social media pages with the names still legible.

If you have any questions or concerns about this action, feel free to contact us via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=/r/VirginiaTech).

Some of of the people on there dived on grenades….

It's not, even though maybe it should be.

That said, you have reminded me of a story which I will now tell.

Some years ago my family was in Washington DC in the middle of summer doing the monument thing. It was crazy hot and we sat down in some shade at the WW2 memorial to give the kids - 3 or 4 at the time - some water and a snack.

And by the time I turned back around both were shoeless and wading in the fountain.

A park ranger came up to them to tell them to get out and, about half way though his speech about the solumnity of the monument a really old dude in a "WW2 Vet" hat interrupted him and explained that he and his friends didn't spend the winter of '44 being shelled in some god forsaken French thicket so he could tell little kids not to play in a fountain.

I don't know who that guy was but I don't think I've ever been prouder of my country.  I think about him a lot, especially when people try to press-gang the military into providing some pomp and circumstance for their own political agenda.

But yea, people should stay off the cenotaph (or however it's spelled). That said, the signage could be a lot better

In the last century.

As a librarian, I can assure you, people do not read.

Given that I only learned about it last year for my job, its pretty common that students dont know the rules about it even when they are about to graduate. If I didn't have my job, I wouldn't have learned about it either. A lot of tour guides dont talk about it, its not talked about during orientation (since there really isnt any orientations). I'm not arguing that its disrespectful, because it is but rather than shitting on the person for being ignorant and not knowing how to read (I didnt even know the cenotaph had a "do not touch" on it), educate them.

As a grown ass college student that is about to graduate, I did not know what that was called. Furthermore, also as a grown ass college student I didn't know it said "do not touch" on it. And even further more, I only learned about its history after someone told me about it for MY JOB lmao

I've got a masters in English and I have never seen this word until today.

Every single tour group, and freshman orientation group talks about this. If you spent a good amount of time by the library you could overhear a tour group discussing this during the spring or fall tour season. It’s also mentioned at Hokie Camp if you attended that. It’s possible transfer students, graduate students or people who didn’t spend much time near the library wouldn’t have known about this or read the signs, but at least when I attended this was well known and talked about on campus by multiple people and for multiple events- including around Veterans Day.

> This is never a problem with the 4/16 memorial, why do you think that is?

People do pose for photos on the top of the wall overlooking the 4/16 memorial though.  I don't think that's disrespectful though.  

It is a design consideration.  For starters, the 4/16 memorial blocks are not of a size, shape, or height where a person would ever really WANT to stand/sit on them.   They also -- deliberately or not -- look like grave markers.  I've overheard plenty of folks wondering if the 32 are buried there (they aren't).

But I agree, the signage and the overall design of the cenotaph could be much, much clearer.  Of course, that ship has sailed. You can't just rip the damn thing up and start over.  It has its own history now.

But if VT had it to do over again or somehow found the political will to renovate it, I would suggest incorporating water into the design.  By replacing the raised dias its on with a (mostly) still pool of water and allowing a constant stream of water to flow over the stone you would STRONGLY discourage people from getting on top of it.

There might be erosion issues and you'd have to heat it a little in the winter, but those seem like solvable problems.  

Random thought: birds must crap on the thing.  Is someone from the Corps of Cadets assigned to clean it off or something?

ignorance is forgivable to a point - shouldn't be this clueless after 4 years.

you've known for 2 years - why don't they?

You must not go to Virginia Tech then

u a geologist or sumthin?

Bud with the Hot take 🔥

[deleted]

As a moderator I really try to make it a point to stay out of political discussions here. At this point though all I can say is I truly agree with Bud. I've had more productive arguments with people on Reddit over anime.

not a hot take, just a sad one

❤️Bud

I wonder if this election will have the lowest turnout ever or the highest

Being not political is not a good thing. If you don't engage others will engage on your behalf. Get active and be informed.

the debate was pain, no matter who you support

He's not wrong. I wonder if debates were ever good. Right now there's a strong incentive to debate with the goal of getting some juicy clip for Twitter and Facebook later, which I'm sure doesn't help, but I don't know that human nature was any different 40 years ago either.

When the orange clown acts like a petulant child, it won’t make for great debate 

Who’d a thunk

Bud2020!

I thought it was hilarious ... def a shit show

Lol 2 mins turned into like 20 seconds Bc of all the interrupting

Honestly, the format of the debate doesn't bother me. 2 minutes is not a great amount of time, but with the number of topics they talk about, it seems fair. My problem with this debate in particular is was the candidates acting like CHILDREN for an hour and a half.

Slice of life animes are the best.  Fight me.

Just stand back and stand by.

Demon Slayer is good, but severely overrated. Come at me.

I feel as though the only people who can afford to not be political are the privileged. The rest of us must care, must educate ourselves, must vote.

being not political is just fine if you accept the outcomes and live within it regardless of what happens. there is nothing wrong with that; everyone has different priorities. 

what is not a good thing is not being involved or informed and then bitching when things aren't the way you'd like.

edit: yes, my viewpoint comes from a place of privilege. Not everyone is in a position to thrive by being politically idle.

Human nature was not different but the idea of how one was expected to act in different public settings was. People did the same stuff hell they were probably worse behind closed doors but in public they had to act as if they were not shit people.

I went back and watched the debate from 2012 between Romney and Obama. World’s different. I miss strong and civil leadership. I really do. That’s not even angled toward one or the other.

[deleted]

It was definitely more a case of a Child debating an adult.

Well...

1) You're wrong

2) Action/Adventure is best

3) Jk^I^actually^like^them^too. ^^^^^Gimme ^^^^^recommendations...

I absolutely agree that everyone needs to care and make every effort at advancing political education.

However, the ability to engage in politics is itself a privilege in our system- leading to the wonderful contradiction that those who can least afford to not engage in politics often can't afford to engage in politics.

Learning political theory, keeping up with current events, and organizing political actions take time and money. If you're a working mother making minimum wage, you have neither. If you're a well-off suburban housewife, you have both.

It's only when things get *really* bad that those with the least free time and money to spend are going to use it to affect political change- leaving a political system dominated by those with the privilege to engage in it, who will almost always use that domination to protect their privileges.

Your personal priorities do not outweigh your collective duties. We each have a personal responsibility to be active since our collective good depends on making educated and considered choices in the political sphere. If you believe that the people in these positions have no personal impact upon you and your priorities you are not paying attention.

I kinda want to go watch Biden v Ryan from the same year.

Yes, but don't blame the candidates. They probably only do it because it works. Blame the ~~fanboys~~ supporters and the voters.

[deleted]

Great teacher onizuka

I actually don't watch them much.  These days, I'd enjoy any suggestions as well as they are less depressing than real life.

Nana was solid.  The DVDs are hard to find.  I might have a torrent hash.
Ouran Host Club

K-On!

It's the best SOL anime that's... not really SOL because there's a lot of heart in it with the characters growing and facing problems in their years.

More than just some moe show.

>e  
>  
>Kaze ga Tsuyoku Fuiteiru(Run with the Wind) is a pretty solid watch if you haven't checked it out. It's a mix between slice of life and sports. I've binged a lot of over quarantine and this one was one of the more memorable ones.

I think we have a fundamental misunderstanding of what bud meant by saying he is not political. I am sure he has educated himself and votes one way or another. 

My understanding is that he's not the type to follow politicians' every move and analyze every policy proposal or career history. He's not attending any rallies or the like. 

You can still be informed and involved by voting without having to partake in all the nonsense. And you can still learn to live within a system that didn't provide the outcome you wanted until your next opportunity to participate; you don't have to be constantly fighting for change if you have other priorities. 

That's how I read his statement and what I based my comment on. 

I'm not saying you shouldn't vote, at minimum.

If you've never seen Your Lie in April, highly recommend starting with that one.  Really sad, but good anime.  Any time I hear a song from it, I instantly get hit with the feels, and it's been a few years since I last watched through.  


To add to your list though, watch Love is War (on Funimation and maybe Hulu?).

You ever watch Gintama? That’s easily my favorite.

>9 series since January. Here are the ones I ranked 10, 9, and 8 stars on Anyme. Just my particular taste. In my experience, the weird ones I put off because their name / premise ended up bei

Long list, I don't agree with SAO, Darling in the FranXX started off really good but got shitty at the end, but I've pretty much binged the rest of the show on your list and agree

You say "fight me" on SAO, but the big red flag is darling in the franxx LOL

I was making a general comment. While I understand people are busy with many responsibilities we cannot afford to place our individual needs and comforts above the needs of all of us. We must spend more effort on doing for each other. Failure to participate in the political process ensures the invalidity of said process. It promotes a system that works for the few and against many. Being politically neutral or inactive in whatever form isn't cool anymore it is selfish.

[deleted]

Really? I've not seen much hate for that one. I thought it was a neat self-contained story that had better pacing than most. 

Why don't people like it?

Oooooooh, okay, so I have a lot to say.

First, if you watch it, start with episode 3. The first two episodes aren’t really episodes and theyre just celebratory animations for getting turned into an anime.

Second, this show is the funniest shit you will ever see. [Here’s an idea of what you can expect.](https://imgur.com/a/e5hGLP3)

Third, most of the Gintama community agrees that it’s “slow.” Meaning, the later episodes are MUCH MUCH better than the earlier ones. This is not to say the early episodes are bad. They’re still fantastic. It’s just the later episodes are really that good. If you find you don’t like this show 30 episodes in, stop watching it. There’s no point in going on trying to get to the good stuff because there’s no guarantee the good stuff will even be “good” to you if you don’t like the less good stuff, if that makes sense.

Fourth, this show has everything. It started out as a comedy, but it turned into a masterpiece Shonen. It’s funny, heart warming, heart breaking, intense, and everything in between. I am convinced that episodes 304-305, if you ever make it that far, are two of *the* best episodes in all of anime. Finally, the voice acting is as good as it gets. Grade A actors all around.

It had a lot of hype and promise at the start given the interesting plot and trigger animating it. The ending, though, was not well received by the community

Go Hokies

Agreed! Go Hokies! Cute pup

Adorable 🥹

[deleted]

Good Dog

Sheltie? Go Hokies

12/10 modeling skills

This is the kind of critically important community update I'm here for

13/10, goodest boi

10/10. Good boy!!!

No

Very cute doggo, what is he?

He is an old man so makes sense 😆

The best Sheltie

He doesn’t get it from me that’s for sure

He knows we don’t play until Thursday but, he also knows Saturdays are for college ball 🦃🦃

Hater 😤

Thanks! He’s a Sheltie

Somewhere in the U.S. in the 1950s.

Anybody find out where?

“Somewhere”

Total Enrollment in the Fall of 1953 was 3,322

By the Fall of 58, it was up to	5,318

Looks way better now with the major trees

It looks so naked

I wonder if this was the dedication of the War Memorial?  My Dad told me they were building it when he was there and he was a freshman (back then they were called Rats) in 1956 so I'd guess this was in the late 50s.

The trees by it were so smol back then

Back when VMI and WVU were a challenge for us in football.

Probably NYC or something

Not a spot of color on campus back then…

Hey you know what this image doesn't need?

A giant ugly bridge obscuring the view!

Dang, the trees not grown up make this look crazier

I see no vt parking signs ((:

We need to bring in those people that are really good at that google earth game.
They might be able to track it down!

[deleted]

The Pylons at Virginia Tech

Agreed.  It looks so naked here.

Crazy to think about how young they are, granted I guess ~60 years would make a decently sized oak

The War Memorial Chapel was dedicated on Sunday, May 29, 1960.

Glad that is history!
Right?

RIGHT???

I know some folks might not like it but I kind of enjoy the bridge.

Not only do I have fond memories of studying and connecting with people inside-
It’s also a formal “gateway” to home.

The way campus unfolds after going through it is kind of magical.

Torg bridge makes the symbolic "gate" of Tech

Cring

>A giant ugly bridge obscuring the view!

Building that monstrosity was a crime, so was demolishing the nearly century old University Clubhouse that was designed by Clinton Cowgill to build that huge new dorm across from Barringer.

Good thing there’s no bridge blocking this view!

Not just cadets, also reserves. But yeah

Look at the subreddit you're in.

I don’t know about that it seems like there are some trees missing

I wonder if University Terrace was around then?

Yes the revered University Clubhouse, a place so many students and alumni have been and have very fond memories…. totally not an incredibly low-use building whose antiquated white people’s club has no functional purpose….

No, University Terrace was built in 1987.

>whose antiquated white people’s club has no functional purpose

Actually that "antiquated white people's club" had a bunch of apartments on the upper floors most of which were rented to international students many of whom were not white.  With a 2500 acre campus VT had plenty of other space to build that dorm.  They didn't need to knock down a historic structure to build it.

Stolen meme

Here are some options

1) VT decides to open online - people freak out because most don't want to go all online and others will say that VT is being too conservative in their approach.

2) VT decides to open normally - people freak out because that isn't a choice with good supporting evidences for safety

3) VT waits to see how things work out for a bit - people get angry because they don't know what is happening.

There are probably more options, but this just is a shitty situation and without knowing the thought process, many schools are in a similar boat.  The HS I teach at has a deadline to release info about opening and is working on 3 separate plans depending on the data when that deadline hits.  It sucks and I hate not knowing, but I don't see an obvious choice for them to take.

Do you have a good idea for what they should do?  #1 seems to be the safest option for students, but also the worst educationally and for the culture of the school, but it might be what is needed for Fall.

Here u was thinking it was another VT Hunt post

Internationals: They gave you guys a plan?

Are you sure most don't want to go all online? I'd rather not pay 3-4k to go to zoom university on campus for 3 months when I could do the same at home without paying for room and board. The only better option would be 100% on campus classes, but that just isn't feasible or safe. Traditional dorms have public bathrooms which sounds like an easy way to spread corona and not ideal for safety. If the current plan is to be mostly online, but force us to come to the campus, how is that any better than just being online from home? For those that say they are unmotivated by being 100% online, that is on you, no offence.

thanks for the info

I am not saying what is best at all.  And I am not certain that most don't want all online.

The point of my statement is that sarcasm and eye rolling about this situation demonstrates frustration but without empathy.  People are undoubtedly trying to make good decisions but it isn't clear what the good decision is.  I am in similar discussions with my school.  We don't want to go online so we are trying to figure out how to make alternatives work.

A lot of teachers felt depressed and frustrated with online teaching this last time around, so there are multiple reasons to work on many possible answers and hope that the data supports one.

It ain't looking good though.

Yeah, I was just curious if the popular choice is wanting to return to campus. I also just wanted to give my opinion on it and how it just does not sound feasible, but money is money and colleges love that. Also the last bit definitely was not targeting anyone that was just a general statement, sorry how I worded

No worries dude.  Take care!

You too! I do appreciate and agree with what you had to say though, but was just curious about the "most don't want to go all online" part. Also, it would be true that 100% online is the worst educationally, but we must adapt and find a way to motivate ourselves to do the work when it might be, as you said,   what is needed for Fall

What the actual fuck

My prof assigned a test the day we got back from this fall break (aka today!!). Guess what I did all weekend: study. Next semester professors will do the same...

Edit: I definitely sound like I’m bitching and I over exaggerated a bit, but just wanted to prove a point that an extra day of “break” isn’t ample time for students to recharge as assignments will most likely continue being assigned. Spring break will be missed, but just find ways to remain motivated and spring semester will go fine 👍

Terrible idea. Just replace MWF classes with MW classes all semester (similar to TTH classes). 4-day work weeks, 3 days off.

Also (while I wouldn't encourage it), with many classes online nothing is preventing a group of friends from organizing their own travel during the traditional spring break week and logging on to class, beer in hand, from South Beach.

I’m still going to be doing work on those days.

Edit: Petition to change it Spring Break back https://www.change.org/p/tim-sands-reinstate-spring-break-at-virginia-tech?recruiter=592241567&recruited_by_id=518891c0-7053-11e6-ad4e-3dfee7e2375b&utm_source=share_petition&utm_medium=copylink&utm_campaign=petition_dashboard

I'm gonna take a wild guess that exactly 0 students were involved in any stage of this decision.

Thomas has never seen such bullshit before

You can literally get the same experience by skipping class or forgetting to log into your Zoom lecture

Spring break would always overwhelm me because it was just straight work. These one day breaks are so much worse than a week long break. Guess what? Teachers won’t give af and have tests right after these “day breaks”. Gl boys.

Fuck this. If I learned anything this semester, it’s that they haven’t taken into account the mental health of students this semester. Even on one day weekends, professors decided to bump up the amount of work/projects due. This won’t reduce stress, it’s going to make it MUCH worse. And it’s already bad.

[deleted]

Interesting because my "Fall Break" was followed up with an exam the next day

Ik why they have to do this but these one day breaks ain’t going to work. Oooh have a Tuesday with no tests but guess what that Wednesday you have an exam have a fun day off. That’s how it’s going to work

"Five one-day breaks" that professors will either ignore completely or utilize to load students up with work, using the reasoning that "you have two days to do it"

This has been the biggest thing pissing me off this semester. My department and apparently the admin just do not care about the students, even if we were to voice concern. Then shit like this goes horribly and they say "oops" or "whatever"

How about we end the semester a week early? Too much to ask?

This whole plan stinks. I don’t even have weekends to myself. I’m drowning in studying. I’m stressed all the time. I’m barely getting enough sleep. I’m absolutely marketable because it’s obvious they haven’t even taken into account our mental health. Whoever planned everything this semester did a terrible job. The least they can do is make it a few long weekends, or at least give NO WORK on a day off, but I guess that’s too much to ask.

No professor is going to respect that.

At least make it 3-day weekends if you're spreading out the off days to discourage travel

This makes me want to ✨die✨

I know that a good lot of professors are going to make work due either the day before or the day after. Same with exams. I’m going to be more stressed because of this, so don’t claim stress relief as the reasoning.

Good Lord, what moron suggested this?

I get that a lot of people haven’t been following guidelines, but why should the entire university suffer for it?

I don’t even do anything for spring break other than spend time with family, yet they found a way to make that nearly impossible.

I'm tired of this bullshit man. I spent my ENTIRE Friday of fall break doing homework that was DUE 11:59 PM on our so called "break". The exact same thing will happen on each and everyone of those day offs next semester. This is not a break at all.

Yeah I was swamped with two projects and a take home exam over this “Fall Break” we had Friday. Something tells me this is going to be the same. Btw... still working on the projects and have had no break. Thanks

That means I still have fucking work at Turners damnit

One of the worst things they have come up with

Bruh one day does nothing. Maybe I don’t have class but Im still gonna have homework and I’ll still have to be thinking and stressing at school. The whole point of a week break is being able to take your mind off school and relax

This is the equivalent of study hall in grade school.

I would have much rather them said it was changed due to concern over covid then try and pass this off as a good idea lol

This is just one dumb move after another. Sands and his crew gotta go

It bothers me that admins treat students as children. If traveling is a bad idea, don't travel. If it's bad enough that official action should be taken, let the appropriate government officials do it. But if students are so childish that they literally can't be trusted with a week to themselves then why are they allowed to own guns, drink, drive, vote, take massive loans, have sex, sign contracts, etc.?

Students are making adult choices and taking on real responsibility every day at Virginia Tech. This patronizing from the administration is inappropriate.

I get the logic to reduce travel but seriously?? They shouldn’t have even mentioned stress relief, all this is is a glorified reading day.

So by these rules, professors could have an assignment due at 11:59 that night, realize that it’s during a break day, and just move it one minute past to midnight so it’s technically due the next day. So you’d still have to work on assignments on your “break” day. So it’s not a break. Cool cool, this is garbage.

Tech is making it reallyyyy hard to be happy about being apart of the hokie community...they are quickly driving the pride in this university away...

None of these days are going to be breaks, they will just be days to catch up on work.  This is going to drive students into the ground.

This is a slap in the face and just makes me think next semester is gonna be no different

Tim Sand’s crackpipe must be hot to the fucking touch

F in the chat

Graduating in December hehe

These are a Friday, Thursday, Wednesday, Tuesday, Monday in order. We don’t even get 3 day weekends every time.

I think a good compromise would instead be to have a few four-day weekends. That's a much longer break and gives you more time to spread out any work assigned for the end of it.

I get that they don’t want people traveling, but holy fuck what is that

This is hella fucking wack.

There is no breaks in online school

Is this better or worse than completely canceling spring break?

Fuck you give me the week off

Man I’m glad I didn’t have to go to tech during all this.

Bruh

This is a joke? There is no way this is real right?

...no

Yeah  right....like fall break when teachers still gave out homework? No thanks. I'd rather have my 5 consecutive days!

Thanks Timmy Sands :)

Professors will just move their assignments and tests forward or back one day...

Grad students are some of the best people at this university and they are being mocked and derided by the university

Honestly that’s the story of academia. Even into professorship people struggle to survive. STEM fields are “publish or die” and grants makes or breaks you. Many of the faculty here face the same issues but are told that’s just the way it is. It’s wrong and academia as a whole needs reform and to refocus on education and research for it’s own sake rather than money and fame. (I’m a grad student in clincal psych)

How do I help?

Where can a transcript be found to show this quote's accuracy and context?

In my doctoral program at the University of Michigan we had 12 PhD students in our department. 6 had families. 5 of those 6 were on food stamps. It’s sadly a problem everywhere

oh no i sure hope the grad students don't go on strike like they did [at UIC](https://www.jacobinmag.com/2019/05/university-illinois-chicago-graduate-worker-strike) or [at Columbia](https://www.washingtonpost.com/education/2022/01/07/columbia-university-strike-ends/)...

All you have to do is have a long term affair with a former president and you’ll be just fine. Look where it got Kim!

I hope this doesn't get lost in the sauce
But follow their insta!!!!
https://instagram.com/breakingsilencevt?utm_medium=copy_link

Please don't downvote me, but I just feel like I'm missing something here. Are most of y'all getting your degrees paid for and getting around $2,000 a month? Is that the deal that we're complaining about? Because that's the deal I have and I'm worried partially because I thought I'd be able to live pretty comfortably on that, but also I'm genuinely curious if there's something else happening that I'm not aware of. I come from a family where my brother got his master's but only had half of it paid, and he still has over $60,000 in student debt. When I got my full ride and assistantship I was elated, but now I feel weird about it because so many people are saying they're on food stamps and stuff.

The “because I suffered you have to too” fallacy. 

It’s also really prevalent in the medical residency programs. “I wasn’t allowed to sleep, so neither are you! Also don’t fuck up even though you’re sleep deprived.” Painfully unscientific 

It’s a shame these mentalities develop, especially when it comes to making ends meet

What an embarrassment to VT. I guarantee the graduate students here work twice as hard at this freeloading bitch

It's well known that graduate students don't make much. This issue happens almost everywhere at universities across the country. 

Academia is a high stress environment with very little financial benefits unless you're at the top of the field. Unless there's a major change in how graduate students are treated across the country, Tech has no incentive to do anything. Tech can still attract talents to their graduate programs if all the other top graduate programs are doing the same thing.

One of the CS professors said (in the middle of a class) "TAs are like puppies. Sometimes you get a good one and sometimes a bad one". This how they look at us folks. We are dogs to them. That's why they think we only deserve bones. I just wish they love dogs as much as I do but honestly I don't think so.

Do you have an instagram? This will likely gain more traction there.

it’s not entirely the university’s fault. wage stagnation along with inflation make this problem so much worse.

so what's the actual number of grad students who are struggling, what does struggle to make ends meet actually mean, and what method did you use to get here?

no offense, but this just comes off as one of my drunken rambles that I just have with myself.

[deleted]

Have things changed so much? I was a grad student for, well, kinda a long time. I was always food secure (is that the right phrasing?) and so were my friends as far as I knew. Is it wildly different outside the ECE department?

Honestly, this kinda strikes me as a privileged group (grad students are a privileged elite if you compare to the general population) griping for more, but it's so different from what I saw that I half suspect that I'm just out of touch. Is there some data on this? I want more than anecdotes and bad quotes.

Personal attacks on people you disagree with are disgusting.

You know she does have a point. Virginia tech has been paying the dining services employees that feed them for free without a thanks near starvation wages for years. They have been letting people go hungry for decades while paying their admin more than most of the dining services staff make in a year in 2 months.

So the silence is broken with personal attacks and gossip?

[deleted]

[deleted]

>“publish or die”

I always think of [this comic](https://www.smbc-comics.com/comic/2012-01-17) when I hear that phrase.

The University Council has deferred the vote on the Living Wage Resolution for an indefinite amount of time until "language issues" can be resolved, but have signaled they will probably vote it down anyway. When more information is available we'll make another post on the subreddit urging people to attend the vote. You can keep up to date by [following us on social media](https://vtbreakingsilence.carrd.co/) or following [the GPSS on Twitter](https://twitter.com/VTGPSS).

We created BreakingSilence@VT to speak out about issues impacting everyone on campus - faculty, staff, and students. Also, apparently the university's top administrative leaders unironically use Twitter to make their decisions. No we're not joking. Several of us and many of the people we work with have said that university administrators (including the Board of Visitors) will frequently quote Tweets in official meetings when talking about student and even faculty/staff opinions. So genuinely the best thing you can do (for now at least) is Tweet at Virginia Tech and Tim Sands in support or retweet what we and others post about shit like this. 

But especially, please talk to the grad students in your life and let them know they have your support. Part of how we overcome this is by helping and serving those around us. That's the spirit of *Ut Prosim*.

Unfortunately, Kim said this as she walked out of the building to a group of distressed graduates sat outside. While it’s always wonderful to have transcripts or recordings, this isn’t one of those times.

As someone who knows a person that was there for Kim’s comment (and it was a large group she said it to) I think it’s telling to hear how Kim speaks to grads when “the cameras aren’t rolling” versus the veneer she puts on when knowing full well she’s being recorded.

In theory it is nice, but the large majority of students can't do without pay and just want to graduate. 

Striking hurts most grad students more.

Which one? Steger? 🤢

Cost of living in Blacksburg is skyrocketing, and that requires an increasing number of VT graduate students to live paycheck-to-paycheck and without basic necessities. If you're planning to live alone, rent will be half that $2000/mo. Then you need to buy food/groceries, gas, pay bills, healthcare, etc. Do you think you can make do with $1000/mo for ALL of your expenses outside rent?

That's honestly the case in most jobs. The people at the top get paid to make decisions based on the actual work the people under them do. I understand working your way up in a company or a field, you deserve to get paid more for your expertise, but i'll never understand the inability to look at your own hard past and say "Thank god I worked hard because my life was a struggle, let me make someone elses struggle just as hard because I had to".

This is true, but data shows that VT is actually far behind their peers in regard to student pay. A lot of other universities have either waived, or drastically reduced student fees. This means VT both pays less and charges more.
When you look at the overall graduate population and intake at VT we are not performing well. So, while I agree with you that low pay is a problem across academia, VT is still performing poorly in a place where the bar is pretty damn low.

I looked it up and [it looks like they do](https://www.instagram.com/breakingsilencevt/).

There's also the [Virginia Tech Food Access and Security Study](https://vtechworks.lib.vt.edu/bitstream/handle/10919/95218/VTFoodAccessSecurityStudyReport20191030.pdf) from 2019, which the university has had years to act on.

[The Graduate and Professional Student Senate (GPSS) conducted a cost of living survey last year](https://gpss.vt.edu/advocacy/2020-2021-advocacy/2021-cost-of-living-survey-results.html) that found that about 1/3 of graduate students experience food insecurity (up to 1/2 for international graduate students). There's also more details in the report linked. This is what informed the resolution and why so many graduate students are so upset.

No offense, but you sound like a boot locker who works to devalue the organizing being done to actually feed the people who produce the most researcher at the university.
No offense but you sound like a silver spoon baby taking food from your peers.

Do some of your own research before you trash this for no reason. Act like a big kid and do the work your asking for (or fucking pay your friend to look it up 🙄)

Again no offense: go back to halo,

What was their gripe with Byron Hughes?

[That post is still up so IDK what you're talking about.](https://www.reddit.com/r/VirginiaTech/comments/t00jea/vt_admin_suppresses_student_speech_and_makes/) Also Byron is an ass, he told a group of sororities at a sexual violence meeting that they should try not to dress/act in ways that attract "unwanted attention" which is super victim-blamey.

See cost of living survey by The Graduate and Professional Student Senate: https://gpss.vt.edu/advocacy/2020-2021-advocacy/2021-cost-of-living-survey-results.html

[The Graduate and Professional Student Senate (GPSS) conducted a cost of living survey last year](https://gpss.vt.edu/advocacy/2020-2021-advocacy/2021-cost-of-living-survey-results.html) that found that about 1/3 of graduate students experience food insecurity (up to 1/2 for international graduate students). There's also more details in the report linked. This is what informed the resolution and why so many graduate students are so upset.

I’m not sure how grad students are privileged elite? It’s not a privilege nor an honor to work 60 hour weeks making $1800 a month pre-tax doing highly skilled labor.  
  
> griping for more  
  
What part of food insecurity reduction and improving quality of life beyond making ends meet is griping for more? You’re out of touch.

I don't want to sound like a dick, but did you enjoy being food insecure? I worked before grad school because I grew up on food assistance and didn't want to do it again. I ended up spending a significant amount of my savings because of the low wages I was paid. Why should people 't have to have a shitty time just because you and I did?

When were you a grad student? Cost of living has increased considerably, especially in regard to housing.

I don’t understand how y’all made it this far yet can’t google. Idk how y’all get through school. If you need more anecdotes to care about some of the schools heaviest lifters, then look it up or pay someone. It’s so annoying, just copy paste the shit you just wrote into google. Touch grass and talk to grad students 🙄

A living wage for other VT employees is also a campaign in the works.

I didn't know "quoting someone" was a personal attack, but that probably says more about how shitty her comments were than it does about the person quoting her.

Bootlicker

You don't see a problem with a third of graduate students suffering from food insecurity at a multimillion dollar university? Tuition reimbursement is great, but it doesn't pay for food and rent. Also, 2k a month is a very high-ball estimate. We make closer to 1650 a month after deductions. 

On top of this, the deal is especially difficult for international students who often aren't permitted to work elsewhere by their visa, so don't have alternative sources of income. They can't work anywhere over the summer in the US when they aren't working as a TA.

The issue is that grad students can't afford food, rent, and medical care. Tuition remission does not pay for any of those. Grad students need to be paid more to afford basic needs because wages have been stagnant as the cost of living, the cost of education, and inflation have risen. That is the problem.

A cost of living survey was conducted in the past and found that that average GA salary is not sufficient.

I also think it’s worth noting that many students would not have the funds to attend graduate school without tuition remission. You’re not really saving money when you didn’t have that money in the first place.

How to say u don't have a life without saying you don't have a life

I love SMBC but that's way off. Publishing is not suppsoed to be your sole duty. The idea was that a prof should teach, and mentor / advise older (grad) students, and do some research, and do some extension work, and publish the results of all of this. 

Publish or perish means that all that other shit is totally irrelevant, the only thing that matters is pumping out pubs (even if they're mediocre pubs). This leads to a lot of bad behavior. P-hack if you must, salami slice your work, ~~steal~~ borrow other people's ideas from conferences if you can beat them to publication. Bully your way onto the papers of lesser faculty members, include your friends as authors as long as they return the favor... none of this will hurt you as long as you get pubs. It doesn't even matter if the paper actually contributes anything to the world, it just matters that it's on your resume. And lol at teaching, if you suck at teaching, nobody cares. Shit, if you're abusive or even sexually harass students, most universities will sweep that under the rug if you're bringing money and pushing out pubs. On the other hand if you're fantastic at teaching and a great adviser, and contribute to the state, but don't have as many pubs, fuck you. 

I'd argue that someone who is great at the "publish or perish" game is probably a pretty bad professor, but not according to the tenure and promotion committee.

Found and scanned some pictures from my mom's graduation in 82. Thought this sub would appreciate.

Looks so peaceful! Thanks for sharing

TIL: all those lamp posts used to be painted grey not brown

I would love to see an overly of then and now because I don’t recognize half of those places

It may not be recognizable anymore, but aside from the construction around Litton Reaves this exactly how I remember campus circa 2000.

Ah yes back when tuition was $3.50

Love the pic from the residential side. Shows how cluttered it is now.

Woah! My dad graduated in '82. He always said campus looked almost unrecognizable, so I'm glad to have a look at what he saw.

Thanks for sharing!

This is so cool. Thanks for sharing!

It’s weird to see Lane shaped like that. I have no doubt that football games were still a blast, but I wonder how different the atmosphere was given that it was probably significantly quieter with all that sound escaping out the sides

These are awesome, thank you for sharing!

Photo 1: Lane Stadium from the west side, looking east. Present-day soccer field that is astroturf is grass in foreground.
Photo 2: Southgate main entrance to campus looking toward southeast. Information kiosk in foreground. Dairy Barns in background.
Photo 3: Standing near location of modern-day Steiger Hall looking toward northeast. Top left background - Slusher Tower, Left foreground - Wallace Hall, Right background - West AJ, Right foreground - Litton Reaves
Photo 4: East stands
Photo 5: Lane Stadium from west side, looking east. Photo taken next to Washington Street at Lot 1
Photo 6: West end of Drill Field looking northeast toward Burruss in background. Side walk n foreground runs between Davidson and Price Halls.
Photo 7: Davidson Hall from West Campus Drive looking northeast.

Thanks for sharing even though I don’t have any plans on graduating college this was cool to see

I was hoping to see a pic of your mom with that 80's big hair :D

Cool pics!

It’s so cool to see how things used to look

Awesome! Love this stuff, thanks for sharing

Peaceful's a good word for it!!

*innovation that excites*

Some of them don’t actually exist anymore. At least the second one with the sign/map is long gone. It was taken on the old Southgate where you used to come in off of 460. 

Not sure when you were at tech/if you’re there now, so you might already know, but for those who don’t, the exit off of 460 was only built in 2018. Southgate used to keep going straight through the duckpond drive traffic circle and eventually ended at a stoplight where you could get on and off of 460. In that picture, you’re looking as if you’re coming on to campus off to the right side of the road, and the old dairy barns (now displaced by the airport expansion and the new Southgate Dr) are in the background. 

Probably a really confusing explanation but if you look at google maps you can see what I mean. And if you get on 460 west off of Southgate Dr, and keep an eye out to your right, you can see where the intersection used to be (there’s a gate and a big clearing).

Also, I forgot because it was WELL before my time, this would’ve been even before the 460 bypass was even built. It wasn’t until VT Football really got rolling that they built the highway (imagine all the football traffic coming in to town from South Main St. Yikes.) not sure where Southgate ended up back then. I’d have to do some digging.

Might do this for a few next time I'm on campus

Same, this looks way more like what I knew in the early 2000's than what it looks like now.

We made Lane loud, then we added structures to keep it loud, e.g. the South End Zone stands. The conventional bleachers that existed in front of the SEZ scoreboard were torn down and a new bleacher section established on the North, along with a shiny new scoreboard complete with fancy shiny new Jumbotron. Then they built the imposing tower that is the South End Zone. Then the expanded the press box end-to end. 

I got to be there for all of it, enrolling shortly after the 2-8-1 season, and finally leaving after the 11-0 "Perfect Season"

It was wild seeing a veritable unknown* and "quiet" school become a Football School. As a freshman lots of students were wearing the gear of other schools (I distinctly remember seeing a fair bit of UNC and Tennessee hats/sweat shirts etc). By the time I graduated, wearing anything other than the Maroon and Umber was unthinkable. 



*unknown in terms of College Football

Lane was the weirdest part for me too, especially seeing "Fighting Gobblers" on it!

Haha! She definitely had the hair, she probably wouldn’t appreciate me putting those pics on Reddit though 😆

Yes, Southgate when it was a useful road. The interchange was sorely needed and the diverging diamond works well (except for the awful off ramp from 460 eastbound, with the too-tight curve onto the overpass). Old Southgate was a straight-arrow road from Beamer Way to the bypass, with a 45 MPH speed limit once past Duck Pond Dr. The new road, apparently for traffic calming, dips and curves and has a (rarely followed) 25 MPH speed limit and two roundabouts. Not sure how it works for football traffic but at times it is quicker to go to the S. Main exit on 460 and double back to get to places on S. Main instead of using what used to be a reasonable shortcut on Southgate.

Yeah just spent like 10 minutes on Google maps checking it out! You can see where south gate drive would have continued straight, eventually perpendicular to 460. Pretty sweet!

And, to go back just a few more years, the stoplight was not at the intersection of Southgate and 460 when I moved to Blacksburg. I don't know the exact year, but it was probably put up around 1990. Yep, there as a stop sign there, and that went as well as you might expect, especially when everyone was leaving campus after 5 PM.

Also, West Campus Drive used to run behind Engel Hall, not between Engel and Hillcrest. I remember seeing some maps and aerial photos from the early 1950s (I think they were in the geology library—does that even exist any more?) showing West Campus running through the area where Cheatham Hall is.

Southgate took you to 460. 460 was a 4 lane road with stop lights until the turn after what is now Sheetz. It was what is now 460 Business.  We never came in via South Main,  always 460 to Southgate.  

The by pass was built to help with traffic. It was here at least 10 years before the new Southgate interchange.  

They also wanted to improve the entrance to campus.  The old entrance with the cow barns was a real turnoff and hurt with recruiting.  The final blow (I think)  was when we hiatus the ncaa baseball regional and all you could smell was the cow barns the whole weekend.  That weekend was perfect, well organized,  beautiful weather,  etc.  But the cow manure was strong.  (And we lost in the final and lost our coach too.)

The section around Blacksburg was around since the '70s.

Wow, thanks so much. It’s really cool to be able to hear from someone who watched us transform into a football school in real time. I can’t even imagine what it was like to be a Hokie at our football team’s peak. It kind of makes me nostalgic for something that I wasn’t even alive to experience

Oh whoa, good catch! I didn’t even notice that

I'm pretty sure the speed limit on the old Southgate Dr between Duck Pond Dr to the bypass was 35 mph (at least as far back as the early '90s).  I seem to remember that S. Main was posted at 45 mph in the '90s, but was reduced to 35 mph at some point.

See [https://history.unirel.vt.edu/physical\_plant/campus\_streets.html](https://history.unirel.vt.edu/physical_plant/campus_streets.html) about campus streets and [https://history.unirel.vt.edu/physical\_plant/1948\_comparison.html](https://history.unirel.vt.edu/physical_plant/1948_comparison.html) for a map comparing 1948 to the present.

Ahh I figured there must’ve been some sort of connection to 460 (like every other road in Blacksburg) Thanks for the info! I must’ve gotten a bad explanation from someone along the line.

>The by pass was built to help with traffic. It was here at least 10 years before the new Southgate interchange.  
>  
>They also wanted to improve the entrance to campus.  The old entrance with the cow barns was a real turnoff and hurt with recruiting.

The bypass was built in the late '60s/early '70s as part of a statewide program to improve highways. Many towns had bypasses (the Christiansburg Bypass was an early one, while it wasn't until the late '70s that 460 was four-laned through Giles County). There were at-grade intersections with Southgate (which was extended from Duck Pond Drive at the time), Prices Fork Road (with stop signs at first), and Toms Creek Road (although interchanges were planned for each intersection). Eventually a traffic light was added to Prices Fork Rd. in the mid-70s as the town (mainly Hethwood) expanded across the bypass. The interchange replaced the traffic lights in the late '70s. Toms Creek was next, pushed for after a popular Blacksburg High School student was killed in a traffic accident there. Southgate was last, held up by the town and the CRC. The town wasn't keen on the location of "new" Southgate from Tech Center Dr. to Hubbard St., planned to bypass Airport Rd. and those neighborhoods. The CRC folks wanted their own interchange directly into the office park. The eastern changes to Southgate were eventually killed off, the interchange location was a compromise between using the current Southgate location and a CRC interchange -- facilitated by the FAA demanding increased clear zones at the ends of the runway (which was to be extended anyway), which did in the dairy farm complex (solving the problem of "cow smells").

The speed limit may have been dropped on Southgate. South Main was 40 or 45, but the town lowered it -- as it has done all over town. The Town of Blacksburg has an aversion to allowing vehicle traffic to flow. It lowered the speed limit on four-lane Patrick Henry from 35 to 25 MPH (mainly due to stupid students who walked out into traffic) and has artificially low limits in other parts of town. The traffic lights on Prices Fork from Plantation Rd. west to Bruin Lane are all tied together as a sync'ed system, but when it works it works against traffic. If you get a red light at Plantation, you will probably get red lights all the way to the town limits (supposedly to collect traffic into blocks to better utilize road capacity). The lights on S. Main from Ellett Rd. to at least Airport Road are supposed to be synchronized, but rarely work that way since side-street traffic gets priority at the lights.

New VT Covid-19 protocols

Bring back surprise shower mask inspections

nice work freshman

It needs a fake signature to make it look more official.

Hilarious

I wonder if the QR code takes you anywhere cheeky.

And the QR code nice work bro lmao

I call first dibs

I'd recognize the qr code anywhere

Lmao my roommate made that one. We still laugh about when it’s brought up

It's fake bruh

[deleted]

[deleted]

It would be funny if it was a rick roll

legends

Good detective work sherlock

That mini-game on the housing website 404 page was really fun!

It could be a lot better...

Fuck I don't know dude I've never even seen a dorm building before I don't know if they actually put signs up like that

Do you really think a university would make masturbation designated stall. Of course it’s fake. Come on man, use your head

KING_COVID got into Virginia Tech. Un-fucking-believable.

I mean I really don't see why not

Dude ya gotta realize it’s fake as fuck

I don’t think he’d fit in one lol

Ouch lmao

VT Dining Y’all

You can’t do JP’s like that...

PUT SOME RESPECT ON MY BOY BLUE RIDGE

the disrespect when fighting gobbler easily has the best fries on campus

I do not respect your opinion

What's the beef with Blue ridge and chophouse?? They smackk

JP's is better than Fire Grill

Change My Mind

How dare you disrespect deets like that

This is all wrong.

Origami do be hittin tho

I must be the only one who’s favorite is Seven70 :-(

where's ABP ):

It’s been so long and I’m afraid to ask, where do I get this chicken parm?

Sorry, A small price to pay for salvation

Nobody knows it exists

JP better

Nah it’s better. I had Fire Grill one time and it was trash

With Yum Yum sauce ofcrs

I liked it until they stopped selling hot sandwiches

Ppl steal my food at Seven70

...what’s that?

It’s everywhere on campus

Abp is life. Imma be living on it for the next week lmao

Owens on Wednesdays

Salivation*

that’s part of why it’s so great. never has a line

Yes sir! You gotta scheme 6 pumps instead of 3

They still sell hot sandwiches. Sometimes they don’t have enough people tho.

They started checking ppls hokie p’s to prevent it

I feel your pain

A deli type place in the West End market. Wraps, sandwiches, etc

hell yeah

Y u still on campus bruh

Who actually serves it

Where is it

Never have been able to buy one this whole school year and I’m a senior. Bad way to go.

Do they still have the Hokie Club?

Planes are expensive m8

Ciotola

Right next to CFA... hence why noone knows

I’ve basically only ever gotten the chicken bacon wrap, so im not sure

yes they do

Parking services be like

[Town Hall](https://youtu.be/9IeMFfzFl0U) today at 1. It's focused on graduate education, but parking is relevant to everyone. Raise your concerns.

Edit: Never mind, the whole thing is another canned script.

Let's contact the Collegiate Times :)

&#x200B;

"Tech buttfucks students in the middle of a pandemic, encourages thousands of students to ride public transport"

What happened that they got worse? I'm out of the loop here

Parking-related questions were definitely submitted. . .and summarily ignored.

Sad things haven't changed.  Get used to that in the real world too.  Also expect the only time those in charge have for questions --- goto basically the butt lickers or butt fucking idiots.

Basically, they're enforcing parking regulations up till 10 pm 7 days a week.  Previously, they only enforced them up till 5 pm other than around the Drillfield or a few 24 hour enforcement lots.

They clarified it’s only weekdays.

That's because they think if they "oops" the weekend back as "free parking" people will just give up and slink away

Massive plank fell from ceiling in McBryde 100 and destroyed someone's laptop

Damn, just a few inches from free tuition

If anyone knows the student whose laptop got damages please follow up. I would love to hear how that reimbursement process goes

Has anyone else had anything like this happen in a VT classroom?

I’m glad everyone is okay!

I thought the planking trend ended back around 2013. This is ridiculous

Now campus is literally falling apart, very cool.

[deleted]

Glad it didn't puncture the battery, then everyone in the room could add lithium poisoning to the long list of shitty things that happened to them in mcbryde

A piece of drop ceiling fell on someone in bishop favrou last semester, they were unharmed tho

Time to close McBryde and all the walkways around it, rerouting everything through the Norris tunnel as the only way to get to Turner’s

All in the name of reasonable renovations

Pressure the university to replace the laptop

What does the ceiling of that room look like?  I can't remember.

Good luck getting reimbursed for the value of a new laptop

Hopefully the student can still recover any files from the computer or it's all back up in the cloud.

Wish it would’ve destroyed me😵‍💫

Now this is the content I come here for…

Bruh just a month too early, literally sat there for intro to astronomy

I have class here in an hour wtf

They will replace the the laptop but without any physical injury no lawsuit will work.
I'd like to see a photo of the ceiling where it was but I suppose that wasn't important.

Hope it wasn't a Building Construction class

Omg I was in that class, to the girl who’s laptop broke, I’ll be your whiteness, I’m sorry your laptop is fucked.

They renovated this room recently too...

Up the fees

Guy must have been board

Anyone know the potential damage if that plank managed to hit someone?

Whys this sub so lawsuit-happy? I’m confident the laptop will be quickly taken care of. Glad she’s okay. Y’all sound pretty amped up.

r/catastrophicfailure

Ded

Friend of mine got plowed by a university bus on campus and didn't get free tuition/ He had to sue for medical bills. It was the busses fault.

&#x200B;

So don't get hit people!

[deleted]

Whoever it is, I’d recommend talking to a lawyer to see how much they think they can help you. This is a blessing.

Me too

2 years ago in Saunders, the air conditioning broke (this was early Fall semester, it was 80+ degrees in the room), and a ceiling tile got soaked with water and almost fell on someone’s head.  The next class period the tile was gone and there was a hole in the ceiling for the rest of the semester

Back in 91 my chem class in Davidson got to experience the professor doing the "challenger" demonstration. Filling a balloon with Hydrogen gas and then putting a match on a stick to it. But, the professor didn't use a small balloon, it was easily 2 feet across. Ka-fng-boom! Dust went off of every single surface in the building, and set off car alarms outside. My ears were ringing for about a week.

Yeah I actually had this exact thing happen…I was in McBryde room 100 when it happened lol. Nearly killed one of the girls that came in with the guest speaker this morning

Had a window break last semester. Minor injury but treatment was declined.

[deleted]

BOOOOOO

I’ve been in there a lot and I don’t ever recall looking up in there lol

"[wood ceiling clouds](https://www.mbcontractors.com/project/mcbryde-hall-virginia-tech/)" apparently

Nor do I, but I would have guessed acoustic ceiling tile. That looks like a 2x10 walkboard, not some kind of finish material.  If there's an interstitial space above the ceiling tiles it could be a temporary board that was left after construction/remodel that eventually worked its way to the edge of what ever was supporting it and then fell through the ceiling.

Depends on when you went, they remodeled in 2016-ish

It’s not made out of planks…it’s basically like traditional auditorium ceiling.

Highly unlikely the data is lost

I don't know you but I'm glad it didn't destroy you. Please reach out if you need help finding support.

Ik you meant witness but lmao “whiteness” 😂

The plank weights about 40/50 lbs (depending on the finish), getting hit by the side probably would feel like getting run over by an electric bike, getting hit by one of the corners most likely would make your heart rate be 0.

Because universities want to squeeze every last cent from us and don’t want to give anything back

[deleted]

As a state entity, the university can just claim sovereign immunity which prevents a lawsuit. You have to have permission from the state to sue the state.

I wouldn’t bother with a lawyer unless VT tried to fuck em out of reimbursement and it will be much easier for them to just pay it off so I highly doubt they will.

PSA: Fellow CS majors, please please please take a shower This is the only way I can think of expressing this ongoing issue. 

The horrid stench in my CS classes has genuinely impacted my ability to focus and learn. I wear two masks to class not because of COVID, but to help cover the absolutely disgusting smell of other students. I’m hoping the mask mandate stays, bc I legit may just pass out if I were to come to class without one on.

As a CS major who actually takes showers and wears deodorant, I seriously don’t understand how some of you can go weeks without a shower. It baffles me. I’ve been dealing with it for a while, but it’s gone too far. 

Taking a daily shower costs five minutes of ur time. Get up off ur PC set up and turn it on.

Do it. Please. Desperately asking.

Just wait. I told super smash bros club and the entirety of the CPE major that there was free pizza in the lounge.

can confirm op is spot on with this… as somebody with basic hygiene that also happens to be a CS major, some of these kids absolutely disgust me

I haven’t laughed this hard in a long time. Thank u.

i refuse to believe that people don’t shower but i guess anything is possible

It’s not even just the lack of showering. DO YOUR LAUNDRY PEOPLE. WASH YOUR JACKETS. AND YOUR SHIRTS. AND EVERYTHING ELSE DAMN. If they still smell after washing …. you need to throw them away.

This one bout to go viral on discord

You know, I thought it was a  joke that CS majors dont shower. But dang

Glad(?) to hear the CS lounge stank hasn't gone anywhere in the past 8 years.

This is fucking hilarious and I’d imagine, due to being remote for a year, the self care declined even further. Who has time to clean when you can do CS and game in your off time?

I used to think that this was a joke until I read the comments. If this is actually true, you CS people are disgusting. I can’t believe I’m actually going to have to do in person lectures with you people.

It's not surprising in general. This is why the military actually gives lessons on how to clean yourself.

Yall not all CS majors are like this. Please don't lump me in with them 😭

Bold of you to assume that engineers shower

Neck beards gunna neck beard

This was an issue when I was there. Not sure why it’s a CS issue. I can only guess it’s addicted gamers who put personal hygiene at the bottom of their daily to do list. You’d think they’d start to smell themselves and get annoyed enough to shower and brush eventually.

Also no a 5 minute shower isn’t a decent shower imo. 10-15 min if you need to shampoo and condition the hair. That’s not required every day though.

The lounge furniture will probably have to be replaced and the rugs steam cleaned every so often as it absorbs the odor….that stuff lingers and will continue to stink. I remember the lounge sometimes smelled like old shoes, dirty laundry and BO.

Stereotypes exist for a reason...

Redefining the definition of CS gas. Maybe Tech will require the Cadets to entire the chamber with a few CS students instead.

Someone told me it’s the diet of some individuals that okay a big role. Either way, the stereotypes live on.

[deleted]

Partly why I just don't show up to the lectures. Many of the professors just answer questions during lecture and actually teach entirely through Canvas anyway.

I really never had this problem.  I was in CS, I was on and then coached the ACM programming team for years.

Of course I barely attended any of the early year lectures.  My theory is that the ones who are actually any good are smart enough to be functional humans.

Nothing makes ya sweat like forgetting to put on deodorant

As a senior CS major, I have never experienced this in any one of my classes. I talked to 4 other CS friends about this post and they all agreed that it's completely overblown. In my time here, I can think of at most a handful of people who looked greasy or unhygienic, but even then none of them smelled. I'm sure you will find people like this in every major

Fresh copypasta just dropped

Well, congrats on singling yourself out.

Hell every other day or every three days is probably fine. 8 shower daily because I like the way I feel after a shower, but many people can get away without stinking on a lower schedule.

I’m thinking about just bringing a couple cans of deodorant and leaving it by the door. Required to put it on before entering class

Idk how someone is comfortable enough to go outside without taking a shower. Like damn… makes me feel itchy.

Lol wasn’t even trying to be funny which is the sad part.

Please meet with STEM majors, you will change your mind

I mean once you walk through Pritchard after that first month in September you'll believe anything is possible.

If your washing machine has a pre-wash cycle, use distilled white vinegar during the pre-wash. Does wonders to get rid of smells. It's especially useful on these synthetic moisture wicking fabrics which tend to trap smell over time.

Even if your washer doesn't have a pre-wash cycle option, you can still throw in some vinegar while the water is filling.

That’s nasty if they haven’t replaced the furniture all decade. Those couches trap odor

The furniture in the sociology lounge in Mcbride is older than easily 90% of the student body.

I ended up doing my cs stuff in the library or somewhere else most of the time for this reason (that and I prefer some natural light). That place always smelled pretty bad.

They do? I’m sure especially on ships or subs where showers have to be very short.

CS is on a whole different level, trust

As someone who was once on a week long canoe trip, you don’t notice the smell

Cadets have to do the tear gas chamber?

Nice flair

[deleted]

Lol. Nah

i’m civil engineering and everyone i’ve seen practiced hygiene

I was CpE and never experienced this problem. This is probably specifically a CS thing. The CS people I dealt with were weird, even by nerd standards, though thankfully never smelt weird.

So far in my engineering classes there’s only been 1 or 2 and that was when it was like 95 outside so ima give them a break

Nah. Us pre meds shower

MechE checking in. All showered and deodorant-ed.

Math grad, only ever met one stinker

oxyclean, too.

Just be careful with bleach unless it’s white socks and cheap white gym shirts.

Please only drink hard liquor in the library. Some of us are here to party.

Is anyone down to start an unofficial whiskey tasting club that meets in the library once a week?

Study BORG it is then......

Ugh I can’t believe I can’t have my Twisted Twea in the library….guess it’s Jack n Coke then

Good thing I stopped drinking Homework Beers™ before coming to Tech, then.

Lol I remember this, it was hilarious

What’s the origin of this sign? Clearly it’s satire, but who spent their time making this?

Is mead allowed?

I used to get drunk at the math emporium.

Was this a prank?

Love my Hokies

That's freakin hilarious.

😂😂😂

What’s a twea?!

This has frat pledge mischief written all over it

Sorry, the sign is my fault. I’ll hide it better next time guys

tweas FTW

lol. Always helps the study process

Yeah encourage these kids to act more like fools…. 😩

im down

I know how I got here, but I do not go there. But I’ll be some clear!

let’s do it

During covid, these templates and many more were freely available to anyone with a web browser.

I did lol

Me n my bro back in 2023 saw this sign asking you to wipe down your table so we copied it with a twist 🤣

[deleted]

No, VT employees are very serious about a spirits only policy

Twisted Tea - hard iced tea

No this is just two procrastinating engineers 😂 (we made the sign)

This was made in google presentations we just copied the design off a real sign trying to replicate the fonts as close as possible.

What was the twist 😭😭

[deleted]

Well that’s unfortunate, i really perform much better on the beer than i do on tequila. Do you think they would check if my tequila bottle was filled with beer?

Lol you worked too hard then. There were templates all over the ready.vt.edu site.

it would have to be a resposado or anejo bottle and a matching color beer like corona or modelo

RIP Nikki Giovanni Damn. 

https://www.wdbj7.com/2024/12/10/well-known-virginia-tech-professor-dies-81/

“We are Virginia Tech” will always be part of our university

Ohhh 😔 I had the pleasure of attending a class where she was a guest speaker, shortly after 4/16. She had such a powerful and graceful presence about her. RIP.

She was one of the most interesting people I've ever met: lively and funny, always direct and honest.

VT was lucky to have her for so long.

Oh no!

🙏🏾

"My heart sank when I saw this. She was such an incredible person. Rest in peace. 💔"

Let's build

What we become

When we dream

RIP I know you will be very missed in the VA Tech family. Didn't never meet you but you was a awesome contributor to the school.

She singlehandedly brought together a community in mourning. No one else was able to do that. 

A friend posted elsewhere that while she was so numb and doesn't remember a lot about that day, including the speakers, but Nikki Giovani's speech was the ONE thing she remembered. It was so powerful!

That is 100% true. I was in Cassell that day and every other speech is totally forgotten for me. But her speech, and the way the crowd came together afterward, is a core memory.

Same here.

🇺🇦🇺🇦🇺🇦

Putin in shambles rn

Wow. Support is epic

My colorblind ass thought this was UVA colors for a second and I was really confused. lol

This is dope

Zelenskyy>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>Sands

Let’s go Ukraine!

Why are people getting upset over this?

Das word

SLAVA UKRAINI

For anyone interested in supporting Ukraine, you can donate to a few different organizations helping the cause [here](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/2022/02/27/how-to-help-ukraine/)

Fuck Putin!

Epic but the right side needs to be yellow…not orange, unless I’m color blind.

Wait tech never has opinions

What a bunch of empty, pointless virtue signaling

Damn I bet Putin just shet his pents

Putin is trembling at western civilians’ virtue signaling.

If only they weren’t West Virginia colors

[deleted]

Their picture on IG  looked more yellow than this one does tbh

You mean virtue signaling like what Putin does when he shills for the CCP, Xi Jinping, and the Belt & Road Initiative? I heard Putin bows to his glorious Red puppet-master, Winnie the Pooh, in Beijing no less than 5 times a day. Putin is a perfect puppet for Beijing; he even waited to invade Ukraine until 4 days after the Beijing Olympics were over.

P̴̛̲͉̋̾̃̽̑̈́ų̸̛̦͋̑̽̽̽̀̉̍͆̃͛͊́̅̾̈́̔͂̏͝͠t̷͇͚̺͈͇̱͓͉̣͖̦͆̎̿̈́͑̌̇͘͘͝i̸̠̮̳̱͎̼̦͉̩͈̠͙͓͙̔̅̅̋͒͠͠ń̵͇̙͓͈̳̿͛͌̒̔͑̔̇̽̀̑̾̚ ̷̢̬͔̘̮̘͔̽͌͆̿͊̐̍̚i̸̩̗̗͆́̕s̵͍̗̙̖̘̞̀͜ ̷̨̛̫̮̤̩̲̹͖̫͉̤͉̖̹͚̮͇̩̼̱̖̫̤̈́̑̒̎̓̔̋̔͒͑͑̊͛̅͊̍̕͝͝t̴̡̡̮̼͎̳͓̬̺̠̺̯̠̭̗͚̪͙̬̿̂̐̌͌̈́̔̄̏͘̚̕͘͠ͅͅr̷̛̛̥̥̺͓̱̲͍̺̯͕̫̥͉̦͉̃̔̈́͑͂͆̒͗̐̈́̓͊̿̿͂͌̈́̑͒̍̚͠ĕ̶̝̊͒͂̉m̶̻͋̊̒͑̓̓̾͋̚͜b̸̧̛̮̣͓̻̙͕̮̼̮̲̹̼̠͌̒̏̾̆̾̇͐̈́̏̀͘̚͜ļ̶̛̛̬̖̞̱̞͔̺̦̮̯̪̳̯͆̄̀͐͐͆̓͆͘̚i̷̢͎̺͙̼̻̥̙̘̪̝̓͆̅̌̅͆̒̎͋̎̔̃̐̈̔̉̔̈́̅̃̕̚͝͝ņ̵̧̥̠̥̬͓̖͔̞͚̪̝̰̟̭̙̪͔͉̃̿̈́̍͒̾̇͝ǧ̵̡̼̰̰̩̼̜̘̘̜͇̲̼͛̎͑̎̄́͆͆͑̃͋͘͘̚͘͜͜͝ ̷̱̪̞̯͈̘̼̦̮̻͕͉͖̮̫͈̱̺͙͈̝̝͚̼̒̈́̋̒̈́̈̌̃͌͊͋̇̈́̊̀͌̆̍̏̀̌͌̋ȁ̸̢̧̢̢̝͎͙̥͚͈̳̥̺͚̳͈̹̪̘̠̞̘̆̃̄̄͌̒͌͑̂͛͐ͅṫ̸̛̘̪̻̩̖̣͓̥̱̜̭͓̪̮̙̮̈̈̆͗̄̽̌̈́͑̈́̒̏̃͛̈́̽͘̕͜͠͝͝ ̷̡̢̡̧̧̠̝̼͍͎͕̝̘͕͎͖̟̠̘̤̬̝͈̀͋ẁ̶̰̹̠̂͒͑̽̽̈́̈́̈́̄͌̋̏͆̌̕͝͝͠͝ȩ̵̛͖͚̯͇͍͍̟̻̳̞͓̲̟̜̳̥̏́̽́̓̒̒́͛́͋̓̂̋͛͜͝s̵̢̧̢̡̧͓̭͔͇̺̜̟̩̺̝̮̽̄͑̈́̌͐̽͂̉͛̕̕̚̕t̷̟͇̝̭͍̲̺̻̦̃̆̈͆͝e̴̡̛̥̯͆͗͛̐͋͛͂̒̓̃͊̀͋͑̈́͠ͅr̶̟͗̒̿̓ṉ̶̢̟̭͍̥̠̥̼̙̖̤̦͖̹͖̎͆͋̀̂̾̓̉̄͊̓͂̚͜ ̴̛̛̛̱̰͍͉͍̦̣̺̼̿͗͆̎̈́̈́͒̌͗̈́͗́̈̕c̸͔̝̝͇͓̩̟̭͕̻͔̼̜̤͎̣̆̽͆̎͐̿̎͊̈́̿̓̋͗́́̃̆̊͋̈̕ͅì̷̢̡̦̺͉̮̘̦͙͎̤̖̙̤̗̿̉́̏͜v̸̻͎̯̣͓͖̜̬̮̊̋͒͌́͆͛̆̊̓̈́̔͗̎̾̊͂͗͝͠i̶̢̨̝̰̯̹̜̻̞͙̣̳̹͍̮̐l̴̢̢̡̢̞̺̝͔͈̫̹̟̞͚̰̳̮̻̪̗͆̐̆̄ͅi̵̢͆̎͐͆̑̾̅́̈́̑͊͂̑̽̔͂̚a̵̧̨̺̖̩̤̟̮̪͕̣̲͙͑͑̒͠ͅn̸̨̨̨̡̢̨̛̛͕̘͚̣̬͓͎̪̯̣̫̙̬͍̝̋͑̎͊̽͊͌̾̉̎̓͂̒̎̎̏͝͝s̶̡̫̲̘̣͚̫̻̤̫̗̖͕̘͎͉̩̈̃͂̾̓͋̂̂̆̏͘͜͝’̸̨̢̭̩͔̰̞̤͉̝̹͓̮̦̮̭̯͙̑̃̏̿̽͗̓͗̿̌̅͘͜͝͝͠ ̸̧̳̮̘̺̬̱̗̜̂̿̈̕͜͜͝v̶̛̟͇͚̦̤̹͚̹̼̔́̾̏̅̍͒́̋͂̏̍͘͝͠ḯ̴̧͕̹̫̻̰̲͙̤͈̖̫̬̖̼͎̝̹͑͒͊̌̾̀̿͊̄͑̑̒̓͊͐͛͘r̵̢̨͉͙̮̬̲̜͔͓̻̦̹͙̮̮͎̻̼̓̃͑͑̊̄͊̉̈́̏̓̎͂͊̑͆͠͝t̸̡̘͎̫̲̳̞̺̠̬̖̤̭̀̔̐͑́̚̕͠͝ͅͅǔ̵̢̡̡̧̺̭̱̥̫͍̟͈͉͉̹͚̟̳̮̻̾̒͐̉̍̄̈́̂̐̆͠ͅȩ̶̛̘̼̳̲͕̬̤͈̿̆͐̌̈́̑̅̃ͅ ̵̛̮̩̥̼̹̰̮̻͐̈́͊̉̒̐̾̇̑͐͐̕̚͘͜͝ş̶̤̗̬͇̟̱͕̪̘̯̞̙͙͠i̷̧̛̞̠̱̜̭͓̖̯̠̥͙̜͍̎̊̑̓͋͐͗́̎̀̇̐͒͂̚͠͠g̴̻̭͙̎̂͐̽̒͒̃̑̑̈́̒͑̔̅̇́͝n̴̨̛̛͎̬͓̻̯͓͇̲͕͔̼͔͓͔̳͕̱̹͈̅͊̅͐͗͋͛̉̒̀̈́̾̊̊̆͗̏͝ͅą̴̧͕͈̺̯̪͎͍̘̼͔̉̕l̶̡̛͙̳͚̫̠̻͚̮͚̩͕̜͎͈̣͕̓̆͋̒̀̿̓͌̏̓̀̃͊̄̇̍̽͐̾̀̚͜î̴̢̢̡̛̠̘͔̟̱̹͖͕̹͖̤̣̯͛̾̓̄̽̈́͋͌̆̊̂͝͠ͅͅń̴̢̡̳͔̪̯̺͙͉̫͚͔̳̤̼̎́̔͆̾̊̓͌̃͋̈́̅͗͗̆͌̾͊ğ̸͍̤͖̉̑̈́̇̾̍͌̔͂̿͗̐̒͗̏̕͝


**THIS BRILLIANT REPLY IS BROUGHT TO YOU BY** ***/U/DERFUHER69***

No, he's trembling at Western nations' economic sanctions. Sanctions driven by popular opinion

Tragic: someone you hate makes a good point

You mean like the virtue signaling, like what Putin does when he shills for the CCP and Xi Jinping? His Red puppet masters in Beijing sure know how to make him dance; it’s just like the alliance between Hitler and Stalin, carving up zones of influence. It was Hong Kong yesterday, it is Ukraine today, and it will be Taiwan tomorrow.

At least Zelensky isn’t a CCP shill and puppet who sold out his country to Beijing, like Putin. He actually had enough backbone to stand up to Red China and the CCP’s human rights violations, instead of selling out to Red financiers, exemplified by Ukraine blocking their rail shipments.

Yeah, I’m not a fan of Putin either

He never stood a chance against y’alls instagram stories and bio updates.

It is Ukraine today and it will be Taiwan tomorrow. I guess us proudly showing our support for our close allies in Taiwan by lighting up Burusss Hall in the colors of the ROC flag will also be “meaningless virtue signaling”?  Or when people around the world protested against China’s treatment of the Hong Kong protestors, and donated millions to pro-democracy causes, they were just doing acts of “meaningless virtue signaling”?

There’s a lot to say about the effects of public opinion and pressure. Sure, a Reddit post isn’t physically accomplishing anything but it’s spreading awareness and general sense of togetherness in being united against Russia. Look at what is actually happening on the ground in Ukraine. They’re outgunned and outmanned but putting up a hell of a fight because they have spirit. They’re using posts, signs, camaraderie and every other thing they can to unite their people. And it’s working. Laugh all you want but morale can be just as important as military efficiency. Public pressure and community sentiment goes along way

[ț̶̟͈̻̪̻͔̲̭̣̟͑̎̾̂́͊́̆̎̎̒̓̒̍̇̒͋̍́̾̏́̍͂͛͆̃͊͛́͆̍̾̿̂̚̕̕͠͠ ̵̡̡̡̨̢͚̭̣͕̱̩̯̻̖̣̗̺̺̰̖͓͓̠̯̭̤̲̟̫̖͉͓̼̼͓̬͈̆̅̈̔͘͜ͅͅR̶̡̡̛͇̺̮̰̮̻͚͎̩̦̭͎̩͍͓̝͔̮̳̣̠̤̯̣̻͎̲̅̿͒͐̌̊͑̍̍̓̋͆̿̐̚͘ ̵̡̺̣̞̖͙̈́̇̍̾̽͒̽̊̇̓͆̀̐̓́̈́̀̏̀͊̀̒͂͂̑̆̑̈́̏̄̕͝͠͝i̷̦̫͇̤̘͚̥̩̜̦̼̘̣̭͈͇͊̅́͛̅̈́̇̾̾͌͛͗͛̊̓̅̉̓̐́̕̕̕͠ͅ ̴̧̧͔̘͍̝͚͈̺͚̖̬̱̳͕̘̺͚̗̳̿̋͒̍̂̍̓̾̄̈́̈̄͒̉̎̇̃̆̊̽͂͛̈́̕͜͜͝͝ͅg̶̗͚̤̼̮̖͆̎̓͌͗̽͌̇̋̐͌̀̈͐ ̵̧̨̼̰͓͈̥̹̮̻̩̩̬̖͇͓̲̤͎̼͕̞̪̺̜̰͈̹͎̭͖͖̙̔̔̔̒̓̑̇̈͂̀͒͑͛̌̏̃̀̽͂̓͗̃̀͗́̓̈́̚̕͜͝͠ͅĜ̴̛͉̳̳̩̩͖̯̼̤̂͋̈̈́̏͂́͛̇̀̀͛͒̂̈́̎̾̋͗̂̆̓̏̆̔̐͆̕̕̚͠͝ ̷̨̨̛̘̪̺͕͎̘͍̻͉̟̪͉̗̳̦̭̩͚̗̳̝̭͓̭̤̥̪̫͍͖͛̀͂̽̀̄̀̈́̒͌̔̒̉͋̅͂́̔͐͊̏̿͛̔́͋̄̃̀͛̐̐͒̕̕̕͝͝͠͠e̷̢̧̬͚̝͇͙̳͇͙̓̓̒̃͜ ̶̡̪̩̜̥̺̗̲̘̙̠̫̲̲̮̪̰̙̣̪̞͓̞̜̮͚̪̹̰̗̣̫̭̱̍͋́͆͑́̋̾̍̈͊͒̌r̵̡̢̛̛̦͍̲̰̻̲̠̱̻̳͔̞̤̮̘̱̣̞͙̠̼͚͒͆̈́͛̔͌̀̊̐̆̔̂͗̋̍̒͌̔͒́̌̔̏̍̃̓͛̔͘͘͝ ̵̨̦̭̘̝̭̩͖̏̈́̿̒͗͋̉̓͐̔͛̀͋̌̿͝͝È̷̡̨̢̛̪̦̟͖̟̻͚͍͓̣̖͕̥͕̯̮̝̯̝̫̩͕̹͙̘͍̖͖̦̀̇̇̅̊͗̊͐̑̐̓̿́̀̈́̋͑̃̃̀̆̊͑͂̃̒̈́̈́͊̈́̓̀̋̄̈́͘͘͝ͅͅ ̴̧̘̪̥̗̝̏̏́̓̄́̈́͆̑͗͛̔̉̈̈̿́̑̉͛̔̓͌́́̀̀͋̽͝͝͠͝͠͠͝d̶͔̹̣͓̪̟̙̬̫̐͆̓̈́͗ͅͅ](https://i.imgur.com/nSz2yg3.gifv)

Never said that protesting was meaningless virtue signaling, I said that shining some lights on the side of a building was

"They're outgunned and outmanned"

Sure if you think having more untrained plumbers and kindergarten teachers armed with 60 year old rifles and 50 year old tanks, and IFVs can stand up to a professional volunteer army armed with the EUs latest and greatest.

It’s a small act but it means a lot to the Ukrainian students here. There are a number of Poles and other Slavs living in the area, undoubtedly a number of them having Ukrainian ancestry and others being Ukrainians studying abroad. (I have had a number of professors and students from Eastern Europe; some of them Russian, Finnish, Bulgarian, Romanian, Yiddish, Serb, Balt, etc.). They may have family which are under danger. Flags are sacred to people; after all it represents their homeland and their pride. To Ukrainians their flag represents their freedom; it a symbol of their independence, their final victory and freedom over 75 years of Soviet oppression.

Why don't you kids try to raise money and organize instead of relying on the corrupt school administration to simply turn on some pretty lights that do nothing for the people fighting oppression over seas.

whelp

[deleted]

There’s definitely more than 503 people on campus that are sick.

Yeah they gonna try and force us to stay. Rip East Eggleston.

This doesn't show anyone that tested anyplace other than Schiffert. Schiffert didn't test over the 3-day weekend. Anyone else see any problems with this?!?

ETA. Schiffert did have testing over the weekend, my bad. Still doesn't count cases who go elsewhere for testing.

"disappointed but not surprised" has become my new resting state.  Anyone else?

Oh so we've done away with the 7 day rolling average positivity percentage rate now? What a great update to the dashboard to conveniently hide that fact....

For the record, as I post this it's 18.25%

[removed]

With the percent of the positive tests and how transparent VT has been with the dashboard, Virginia Tech is gonna need a second Big Event every year to repair all the damage they have done with the town-gown relationship!

As an alum, it is killing me seeing a place I hold so dearly in my heart being run into the fucking ground by the POS Sands and his shitbag administration. Literally all of them should be out of jobs for the rest of their lives. The level of incompetence they have shown since taking over is absolutely disgusting. I am so sorry for students and faculty going through this shitshow.

Roanoke street and Harding were loaded with dozens of students day drinking yesterday. Cops turned a blind eye. What a fucking joke.

[deleted]

Can someone please link the dashboard to me? Not a student anymore so I don't really know where this is.

I thought all the Covid posts were supposed to be in their own thread above bc normal human beings aren’t obsessing and arguing over where there are 157 or 158 cases

Definitely suspicious, I expect tomorrows numbers to be huge. I got tested Friday and I still haven’t gotten my result, so they’re probably just sorting through the backlog from the long weekend.

Yeah. A lot of people ik with cars would drive elsewhere to get faster results, which I bet is what a lot of upperclassmen are doing. 

Not tech, but I heard some jmu kids were driving all the way to Warrenton to get tested. so who knows the true numbers for us if everyone is doing something similar

There was a walk in clinic yesterday from 8-11:30

Schiffert also had walk in on Saturday.

If you look at the vdh for Blacksburg though for yesterday for instance. There were 706 cases since March. About 200 before students came back. There were 416 cases reported by tech on Friday. From today 89 more. Which if we assume starting at 200 would be a total of 705 for Blacksburg. Now it was a little less than 200 but not drastically. So there aren’t many results NOT being reported to VT.

>Still doesn't count cases who go elsewhere for testing.

Which makes no sense for students to do, and if their urgency also results in forgetting to self-report back to VT then that's even worse.

[deleted]

They never asked me when I went.

I went to get a test cause of exposure, they said I don’t need one because my timeline indicated that the person was likely not contagious. I insisted and demanded a test and then they put me in isolation before even getting results back.

apparently vt pd told all fraternity presidents for their members not to get tested at shiffert in order to keep kids on campus so i’m not surprised

650+

Posted - 503.

900

Close to 1000.

872

Between 700 -720.

777

https://ready.vt.edu/dashboard.html

https://ready.vt.edu/dashboard.html

And that literally makes no sense for them to do (VT kids that is). You can't wait the 5 days from potential exposure date to get a test? The waiting period is literally so that the test result has maximum chance for accuracy.

Those results won't show up for 2-3 days at least.

So far, maybe. They only get counted on VDH if the residence they provide when tested is in the Blacksburg zip code, not say, where their parents live, for example. Most students are probably getting testing at Schiffert, but that doesn't mean we aren't undercounting some in both places.

There were definitely reports of students not being able to get through to Schiffert to make an appointment to get tested last week (busy signal), so they went somewhere else. Schiffert had also told students with known exposure to take the bus because there isn't parking. The responsible thing to do is not take the bus and drive somewhere else (or just stay home and self-isolate without getting tested). Either way, if they go somewhere else or don't get tested, they don't get counted on the dashboard which says specifically "Testing Conducted by Schiffert Health Center" so self reporting to VT doesn't get counted either way there. And just because it doesn't make sense, doesn't mean it isn't happening.

there was definitely some cost-benefit analysis done.  feeling real expendable right now...

tbh I would be surprised if the total case is around 650 since we have already reached 416 last week.

I went an hour away because missing 2 days of work was better than missing 5/6 days of work if I tested negative.

I don’t mean waiting to get tested. I mean waiting days to receive your results after you have been tested

You hit on the most responsible thing to do - stay home and self-isolate until you can get a test. To think that it's come to someone not being able to deal with a busy signal and instead hopping into the car to get a test that very likely won't be as accurate as it should be because they won't wait the CDC prescribed 5 days. The arguments those kids were/are making for why they tested elsewhere are swiss cheese-like.

Are you a student? If not, then your situation does not pertain to my position re: it being counterproductive for students in specific to be tested outside of Schiffert's protocol/system. Let's save the potential for your test to not have been accurate due to your impatience for another day.

I don't recall seeing reports of private labs turning around results faster than Fralin. Matter of fact, I've read the opposite. I recall several of the posts boiling down to essentially this:

"I think I might have been exposed so I want a test right now".

The busy signal doesn’t signify schiffert trying to tell you to wait the recommended 5 days. The busy signal signifies a failure in the health center to be able to book appointments or even contact individuals and tell them to wait the 5 days. That’s why people are turning to other places to get tested

It's still happening. Also, we are talking about college/university students. Not kids. You are assuming they aren't waiting the CDC prescribed 5 days. No one said that's what is happening when they want to get a test and can't at Schiffert. Without a test, contact tracing doesn't happen beyond what the person does on their own.

I am a student. 

Edit: another day would have been another $100 I'd be losing. I really couldn't afford to miss more than I had to. Trust me, if I didn't have to worry about paying rent, I would have went the easier route.

Fralin what? Also I’m going based on conversations I’ve had with actual people, not just reddit posts. You’re totally missing the point. It’s not waiting a certain time until you get tested, it’s waiting unnecessarily long to receive the results of the test, leaving you in limbo for multiple days not knowing whether you are positive or negative after testing.

And to be clear, I hope all students go to Schiffert to get tested so they can be reported on the VT dashboard. The easier and safer Schiffert can do this, the better.

None of the posts I read indicated that they were waiting the prescribed 5 days. What I read was people being disappointed that they got a busy signal, being concerned, and going to get a test elsewhere anyway (with a sprinkling of "I was told I have to wait 5 days - screw it I'm driving to Roanoke to get a test). You're right about contact tracing, and students doing their own thing due to impatience or the belief that getting results sooner means they are in the clear totally screws the proverbial pooch.

Then from my point of view you are clearly an exception and it makes total sense why you handled it the way that you did. Unfortunately there are others who are not.

FOOD FOR BPD AND VTPD HAS BEEN DELIVERED!!!

Thank you guys so much for showing your support to the officers and staff who helped keep us safe!

this makes my heart so happy i am so happy i was able to help and contribute! hopefully we can do something for the ems tomorrow!!

They put in so much work last night. This is well deserved.

This is tremendous. Thank you for existing

Thank you so much for doing this. They saved lives last night. I love our community so much

Ut Prosim!! ❤️

[deleted]

Thanks to every public safety official that responded.

Fund the police!

[deleted]

[deleted]

[removed]

Great news actually! We just got a dominos order for 8 pizzas for our EMS friends!!

You could have just said thanks.  

President Biden Expands Funding After Republicans Voted Against Funding For The Police


https://democrats.org/news/president-biden-expands-funding-after-republicans-voted-against-funding-for-the-police/

Think you need to take a break from Reddit then

[deleted]

[removed]

[removed]

Wasn't it Democrats almost two years ago who wanted police forces significantly defunded?

Regardless, the page you linked gave some choice (out of context) quotes without really drawing any conclusions of their own, so using that as a source for whatever you were trying to prove probably isn't very effective.

And it's not even close

The person that delivered this food has a much much much more dangerous job than these cops 

https://www.facilities.udel.edu/safety/4689/

Every doordash driver in america has a more dangerous job than cops

[removed]

No. It was not Democrats who wanted police department budgets cut.  Did your local police department lose funding? 

People with nothing else keep repeating it. Dog whistles are tired.  What did people thanking the men and women who responded early Saturday morning have to do with Democrats?

Money was given to the states to go to first responders that is fact. Our local police departments were not defunded.

Thank the hardworking men and women who show up everyday. Keep it moving. You chose to make a political dig.

Looking at the replies you were the one that made this political for no reason what so ever.

I didn't mention any dog whistles. I was speaking to the one who did. You chose to answer to the whistle. You all can talk to yourselves. I donated money yesterday. I am done with this thread.

I need a miracle, Hokie Nation My wife and I will be celebrating 23 years of marriage tomorrow, Oct 5.  We’re at the homecoming game, celebrating with our friends and family in what I hope will be a win for the Hokies.  Here’s where the miracle comes in.  My wife just noticed that the diamond from her engagement ring fell out.  Hokie Nation, I know the odds are astronomically impossible.  But, if by ANY chance you find a princess cut diamond on campus, please DM me.  I believe in miracles.

Did you take any photos together? I wonder if you can pinpoint where it was attached last or close to

The friends we made along the way were the real diamonds.

Replace with princess cut  hokie stone

https://preview.redd.it/qiox640us6tf1.jpeg?width=1170&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=ec97e5312251b94fe7d8ba69bfd1b246f7d1ee3c

I checked the squires lost and found database and saw this. Have you called game day operations?

Where were you sitting? I know some alum from the group that cleans the stadium who may know current members that can look in that area

If you can't find it, get a lab grown diamond to replace it and you'll be good to go. Best of luck

Where did you go from parking, tailgating, game (what entrance). I’m in campus tomorrow and I have good eyes …. I’ll keep them peeled.

We got 23 pts for your 23 years, only problem is WF got 30 lmao

My brother is part of the Cadet battalion that cleans the stadium after every game. I asked him just in case 🙏

Eyes peeled

I'll keep a eye out

Following and sending hugs

https://preview.redd.it/x55wt2sr18tf1.jpeg?width=363&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=21576f14b9e700ecfc4a836098631616961e9420

Hokie fam member here, can you share your walk to the stadium from your transportation so we can get the hokies on it?

Replying to boost engagement of the post!

Maybe next week 👀

Any chance she washed her hands at the stadium?-  it could be stuck in a sink trap....


true story -

this happened to my brother with his VT school ring - a plumber got in touch with him when he found it in a sink trap at a wedding venue he was at - ten years prior!

I hope you all find it!

Hey I’m having trouble loading a picture but I just found a gemstone on campus. Let me know

What kind of clasp and how was it anchored into the ring?

Is the ring on your home insurance? They will just replace the stone

Did you get the warranty when you bought it? The stone can be replaced if so.

FWIW, years ago my ex-wife lost her diamond from a prong setup exactly like yours.  For a long time we thought it was lost forever until one day I was cleaning out an old purse of hers and I found it tucked within a fold of the purse.

Hope you find it fellow hokie!

Close game and empty student seats. They don't deserve a good football team.

The sleuths in our group are analyzing photos but so far no clear timeline.

[removed]

This 👆

Thank you!  We spoke to some staff but will give them a call as well.

114 UUU, thank you for the effort 🙏

I wish lab grown had really existed when i bought my wife's ring

Thank you!  We parked at Historic Smithfield, walked on the trail by the Hokie stone staging area, through the AG parking lot, Washington through Cassell lot through Gate 4.  I know it’s impossible odds, but who knows!

Thank you and thank you to your brother!

Thank you so much Hokie fam member!  I noted our path above.

Much appreciated!

Wow! 10 YEARS later? That is simply amazing.  This is worthy of pursuing, thank you for the idea!

Thank you!

Nevermind I think what I found is costume jewelry. Ugh. Sorry I wanted to be helpful

Sadly no 😭

Great story ❤️. Thank you!

This program has been living off of the loyal fans for a decade now. I’m glad they stopped showing up

Your post has been removed for the following reason:

> Posts or comments that are either directly or implicitly hateful or discriminatory in nature are not tolerated in our community. This includes but is not limited to: sexism, racism, transphobia, homophobia, and any other form of bigotry. 

If you have any questions or concerns about this action, feel free to contact us via [modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=/r/VirginiaTech).

They didn't find it, hopefully someone is able to find it somewhere on campus!

I’ll walk that route in the AM ….

NP - GL - hope you find it - keep us posted-

GO HOKIES!

I appreciate the effort!

Yup. And guess what they fucking lost. Students knew it was coming and so did I.

Thank you for checking ❤️

Amazing, thank you!

This makes me proud to be a Hokie

All right, can you just explain what's going on here?

Will never not up vote this when I see it.

Next time someone asks "What is a Hokie?", I'm answering "sports and broccoli." No other context.

The cut to that guy nodding with visible confusion gets me every time

This is the core of Hokie Nation <3

I went on a date w her friend and I met her dt. Definitely just as weird as she seems to be in this video

Didn't these guys come back last year? I remember them interviewing people on Center Street again, and someone said they specifically picked VT because of this video. They assumed it must be a fun place to be. 

Good job *sports* girl! 🥦

I actually know her lol

broccoli rocks!

r/iamveryrandom

Hi, thank you, I have no idea!

She loves sports and she loves broccoli, that’s why they were there.

Go sports!

That's a friend of mine lol. You can see me right of him in the black beanie.

He didn't expect to be somewhat Hokie viral lol

When is this?

I believe this was the October before COVID? Center Street before what I think was the multi-OT game vs UNC. I was visiting friends in town and we wound up there

Modern problems require modern solutions

You can change the name of your phone to make it actually say Tim Sands if you want.

[removed]

[deleted]

[removed]

Mood

[deleted]

I made tacos. Ate some. Just going back to sleep now.

HOKIE HOKIE HOKIE HI, I JUST WANNA FUKKIN DIE

But hey at least we still got general tso's

I know our secondary is hot garbage, but our refusal to leave the 4-2 was the most rage inducing piece of football i have ever seen.

Pretty much yeah

Thank you for my new zoom background

So that happened.

Me: This week can’t get any worse...

UrinatingTree on Tuesday afternoon/evening:
And now, time to represent the nominees for “LOLCOW of the Week”!!!

Nice post

OP you a Detroit Lions fan? Lol pretty sure this came from us over at r/detroitlions

Cheers from West Virginia University

I got $5 on it

I need someone with hokiep money to sneak me out some, I've been feigning

General tso’s is all fun and games until you find a cockroach in your bowl.

and icing a kicker on a 59 yarder was really the cherry on top.

Welcome to VT football

Can’t believe you chose sadness in Indiana over sadness in Blacksburg smh

The "i wanna die" meme is pretty ubiquitous, especially in sports. I wouldn't say it's uniquely tied to Lions fans, except insofar as Lions fans are uniquely acquainted with suffering.

Nothing can really top the Lions version haha. That sub makes some quality content, bless their hearts

Hopefully we still get to play you guys next year

I'm not upset about that, that's a typical thing to do.  What you should be upset about was the failure to see what Liberty was doing after the timeout.  Just out fucking coached in the last 10 seconds.

Beat the Buckeyes!

That’s all we know

Nah it’s pretty iconic in sports Reddit as a Lions meme. You can look up “I wanna die sports meme” on google and the first picture is the lions one and a lot of the search results are about the Lions one. The meme is most certainly associated with the Lions primarily

Lose or lose, the meme game is strong

No. You do not ice a college kicker whose career long was under 50 yards on a 59 yard kick. Period. That is foolishness to the nth degree. Fuentes excuse was even worse about not having the right personel on the field. He made a horrific call and refused to own up and made excuses.

Icing on a 59 yarder is not typical

Yeah I agree with that, lining everyone up for a hail mary wasn't the thing to do but the entire ending sequence was not great to watch. Really there aren't any excuses to be made so interested to see what people say.

Beat their ass!

Campus view from the sky in a Cessna

It's funny how depending on the season, Tech can look like a mystical Hogwarts wonderland and in this picture looks like West Point or some military base, lol

Upvote OP for Sidebar pic : )

Here's two more of the lower Quad and of Lane Stadium :)

[https://imgur.com/a/JwCs180](https://imgur.com/a/JwCs180)

Amazing pic and amazing username OP

Holden got torn down??

ahhh good ol slusher, sticking out like a sore thumb as always. somehow the knowledge that no matter how far away it’s being viewed from, it’s still ugly, is comforting to me. some things truly never change

Wow this is a beautiful and surprisingly high resolution picture. What was this taken on?

Thanks for the desktop background

Selfie with me and Tim Sands

Slush <3

That's pretty low flying, are you the bloke who's seemingly always flying around campus?

I spent a good amount of time looking into whether there was a service you could pay for a flight around campus while I was at VT and wasn't able to find much. Would still be really cool to do as an amateur photographer.

I might have your flight path recorded for this flight depending on the day this was flown. 

If you want, I can export it to a file you can view in Google Earth (explorable in 3D).

Slusher reigns

Any way to upload the full quality images? To google drive or something like that? It’s showing me a reddit link which is probably compressed..

Is that you always in the plane?

I wanna say I can see my apartment from up here but it's blocked by trees.

Please do not jump off the plane!

It all depends on the saturation. Doesn't look like OP edited the picture. The Hogwarts ones turn up saturation a lot.

That's because this picture has a really warm tone to it. A cooler picture with high saturation and contrast can make it look like hogwarts !

Sweet pic of Lane, you should get one during a game!

Yes

They’re gonna renovate it

>some things truly never change

Soooooo I don't know how to tell you this buuuuuuut....

Hey! I use a Canon T7i and took this on a 200mm lens so it's pretty zoomed-in from how far we actually were from campus.

There are a lot of people who learn to fly out of the Blacksburg airport. Many of them are doing touch and go practice flights. 

Also recently there has been a few mapping aircraft in the area. 

If you want to see what's flying overhead, I'm currently monitoring the local aircraft self reported positions in the NRV (and well beyond). 

http://128.173.193.125:30053

I'm currently monitoring the local manned aircraft self reported positions. 

http://128.173.193.125:30053

You can probably find the plane flying on the map and check it's registration info.

I can see my bar from here!

Restricted air space.

Damn dude this is hella cool! Thanks for the info.

awesome, thanks!

How it feels trying to sleep in Lee

That and fire trucks. God damn I do not miss that dorm. Housing made a mistake and put me in there *as a grad student.*

There was one night where there were multiple fire alarms in the night. Won’t forget that.

Honestly true, but at least being on the 7th floor gives us a nice view of those trucks

Lived on the 7th Floor of Lee in 1991-1992.  Do they still broadcast WUVT from the roof there?

The WUVT signal bled over into all of our analog (don't laugh) music sources (tape decks, fm tuners, guitar amps, etc).  We could only listen to a CD or  WUVT on the radio.

We also had a 19.2 kbps serial data connection to the VT network through the back of our dorm phones and voicemail was not included in the dorm phone service. ($10/month extra if we wanted voicemail!).

They got Ethernet a year or two later which at 10mbps was revolutionary.

The early 90s was an amazing time in Blacksburg.

just wait until the snowplows start.

To be fair, that’s how it felt living in Pritchard too.

Galileo and Hypatia have difficulty keeping upperclassmen in the program literally because Lee Hall and living on campus in general (especially this year) is such garbage

Without fail.

Glad to hear that "the pit" hasn't changed that much since the 80's 😊

Dude I’m a senior now and freshman year was the total opposite. Lee Hall always had an injury or sexual assault or SOMETHING... must be flipped now

I see some things never change...

Wait you sleep?

As a former Pritchard resident, I cackled.

This is the goddamn truth right here

I'm currently on the first floor of Pritchard facing the pit. My window is right in front of the sewer, so my roommate and I can either blow one fan in and one out which will make the room smell like ass. The other option is what we went with - both window box fans blow air out of the room and we boil alive.

The other day my roommate and I were woken up by a garbage truck doing its thing around 7 AM for about an hour. Fun stuff.

> There was one night where there were multiple fire alarms in the night. Won’t forget that.

I had that my freshman year in OShag. It was after the JMU game so I was already pissed, and there were JMU students staying in our dorm. They pulled the alarm *FIVE FUCKING TIMES THAT NIGHT!!!* No I’m not still mad, why do you ask?

Ah, I remember having two fire alarms in one night as well my freshman year back in 2012. What a disaster that dorm was. God I loved it.

I’ve got a great view of them coming down Washington every night!

I was on the 7th floor. What room? I couldn’t really see the much too well as I was in the corner room.

No, we broadcast from the Squires Student Center now.

Just did an internet speed test from my dorm in the first floor of Pritchard on my phone, I got 189 Mbps down and 298 Mbps with a multi connection. I've gotten the ethernet to get up to 800 to 900 form down and up.

The problem now, is today eduroam will just randomly cut out and then reconnecting will take forever. It's really fast but really inconstant.

The coke machine is bolted to the wall now - ostensibly as a result of an "incident" involving same being cast off the roof into the pit in the 80s or 90s at some point. That's what they told us in the early 00s at least.

Shucks

gotta let the garage truck do its job homie

Welcome to the adult world.

744

I remember when the studio was there is that where the transmitting tower is now too?

Interesting...how do you check it on your phone, do they have a Wi-Fi network in dorms for students or do they allow you to plug in your own router and have your own Wi-Fi network?  I can see concrete block being they problem with the former, and interference being a problem with the latter.

I heard the same story. I was only in the actual pit (central courtyard) once: I decided to join the Christmas carolers in '84... The entire courtyard was filled with trash and we got mooned as we sang.

Good times!

I lived in Lee but that was also the rumor that my friends who live in Pritchatd told me when we lived on campus in '91-'92

The transmit tower is on price mountain now

Dorms have wifi and ethernet Jack in.

A good old meme.

me: my whole body hurts and i have chills. I think I need a test.

schiffert: we’re kinda busy rn. did you try putting it in rice?

Me: Having chills and a fever 

Schiffert: Come get a test, but we dont have parking so you will need to ride the bus or get a ride.

Throwback to freshman year when they gave my roommate codeine for a cough

I always got asked if I was pregnant an uncomfortable amount of times. 

Me: No. Unless it was immaculate conception. 

They did diagnosis my Shingles. Shout out for getting me the right prescription ASAP.

Don't forget the codeine

In 2010 my gf, now wife, went to schiffert and basically told them "I have a UTI, I need antibiotics" on a Friday. They took a sample and then said "well have results on Monday, come back then. We can't give out antibiotics unless it's positive.". 
  
By Sunday morning it was bad enough for an ER visit to Montgomery General and the attending doc was horrified and said if she had waited until Monday it probably would be a bladder infection and be infinitely more difficult to treat.  
 
Schiffert sucks, better off finding and using a free clinic if you don't have your parents insurance.

ok but I actually feel sick and called them and they gave me an appointment within 3 hours of the call. I’ve read a lot about them sucking at handling this but so far they’ve treated me better than I’d be treated at home

“Are you sure you aren’t pregnant?”

To be fair, for the 'rona there is fuck-all they can actually do except tell you to avoid people and go to the hospital if you have trouble breathing.

I went to Shiffert once feeling sick and they told me it was either a viral infection, a bacterial infection, or allergies. 


I guess that rules out cancer...

me: doesn’t have covid
schiffert: yes you do

One time I had a 105 degree fever with mono induced hepatitis. I was on the liver transplant list a week after I left schiffert. The doctor there told me a neti pot would solve my problems. Lol

Try joining the military. 

Oh you got your arm torn off?  Ibuprofen.

HAHAHAJAHAHAHAHAH

i’m getting tested and when i asked about parking they asked me to take the bus. i was actually shocked

HAHAHAHAHAHAHA or ask your friend to give you a ride

Freshman year I had bacterial bronchitis, viral bronchitis, and aspergillus pneumonia back to back to back. They gave me so much codeine I was worried I'd end up having withdrawal after.

I have a feeling that practice has ceased but back in the early 2010s I could fake a cough and get codeine pretty much whenever I wanted.  Dumb, newly freed kids and access to unlimited codeine is not a good combination.

Unfortunately that's just a standard healthcare question. Most charting programs require that question be asked in order to proceed with the EMR. If you're a female under 65 you'll get asked that at almost every medical exam.

There are two main reasons for asking that question. 1) pregnancy can contraindicate many prescriptions and even some medical proceedures. 2) to rule out pregnancy as a cause for symptoms. The follow up question is often are you taking birth control or using other contraceptives. That is to rule out the hormonal influence of the birth control pill or implant. Many patients forget or don't consider birth control to be a medication, so when the provider asks "do you normally take any medication", patients leave birth control out.

Source: former paramedic

I had indirect contact and they still scheduled me for an appointment. Sadly they said test results will take 3-4 days :/

It’s just a meme :)

If you think you have it, just quarantine/isolate if you would need to expose people in order to get tested. Prioritize keeping the community safe over being a datapoint if possible.

Things Schiffert is good at:
Enabling the opioid crisis
Giving notes to get out of class

Things Schiffert is not good at:
Helping people get healthy

No this was 2017

they initially with all the freshman took 24-48 hours. weird that the time frames slowed down as time progressed

That's still better than most of the USA iirc

exactly. my point is that tech is putting students at risk even further by making kids with covid ride the bus

My guess is test results are taking longer because Shiffert doesn’t run the test themselves, they ship it off to a lab, there’s really not that many labs in the US and colleges everywhere are having outbreaks so they’re getting backed up.

A few weeks ago, my friend had to wait over 2 weeks for her test to come back which is pretty pointless at that point. (She’s not a college student, just using regular healthcare)

Great! I hope others are just as aware. It's silly we have to know better than the health center.

Tech actual runs them at Fralin

Fralin in Roanoke, which is now back to also processing tests from around the NRV, not just VT.

TIL, thanks

I rebuilt a chair from Cassel Coliseum with original 1962 parts that were being tossed!

First and foremost, I want to thank Reddit for bringing awareness to the recent May 2020 renovations that to my knowledge have removed the last of the original 1962 wooden seats in Cassel Coliseum. The reconstruction process came with a few challenges including that there are over 3 different seat widths and to make one seat they all need to be the same. In fact, this is the reason I’m missing the arched number board at the top. Other challenges included finding the right fasteners to securely lock everything in place including the addition of 2 large brackets to support the massive cantilevered force. I was luckily able to find a manufacturer for these brackets, [Archer Seating](https://archerseating.com/product/cassell-coliseum-chair-bracket/) who hooked me up with a fantastic deal on some extra parts he had with a “bad paint job.” All in all, the chair came out to a weight of exactly 50lbs and I’m very pleased with how it turned out!

Other news, I am selling individual boards from the back section in a variety of lengths and wood tones. These can be seen in the last photo and from the original vintage seats. I may also have the capacity to sell other parts including seats and brackets in the near future but quantities will be very limited.

If anyone has specific questions I’m more than happy to answer them below:

That’s amazing!!

....I made a sandwich today D:

Cool. I've always wanted a really uncomfortable wooden chair.

JK, nice job.

Andrew I’ve found ur Reddit hehe

That looks great!

Awesome job, looks great. That being said, $96 for 2 brackets with wood is criminal

[removed]

Amazing ! Hokie proud

Looks like the one my buddy puked on at the Duke game! 

Lol. Awesome job man!

Lucky.....by the time my sister got there they had the cops protecting the pile so that it could go to the trash.

Grab some extra

What body of water is that?  Are you in Hampton Roads?

Woah! It looks great! Where did you get the part to connect it to those wood slabs so it stands up by chance? Custom made? 

Only asking because my boyfriend and I were able to rebuild a few sets but really havent thought about making it.. stand alone (mines currently in my apartment leaning against the wall)

Dang where'd you find those parts?

What type of sandwich may I ask?

Sandwich tax. Post on r/sandwiches

TIL: I have a lot of friends on reddit

Thank you

Hence why I I did the wood feet myself and got discounted brackets with a slightly off paint job that I could just fix :p

To his credit, they are really good quality brackets

Rule 101: don’t make your Reddit name your full name Jasmine

Appreciate it

I did clean off about 50 years worth of gunk, eww

When I was there the workers were handing the pieces straight to us from the bins they were rolling out

Nearby, yes

If you’re talking about the two black L brackets, see my top comment for the link!

Caught the guys who were removing them before they made it to the dumpster!

A classic ham n’ cheese, hahaha

Hahaha I saw the picture and was like wow I just saw this on insta! But also this is literally so cool

[removed]

That house across from your pier looks familiar I think I have kayaked by there that is why I asked.

Nice catch!

Mayo?

Appreciate it. Read the other commenters and you may recognize someone else!

No excuses ma’am

If you can name the river I’ll be impressed and also slightly concerned 😂

HAHAHA okay so none of our usernames are clever at all

Poquoson River?

Ok who the fuck is this?

I live off the cul-de-sac a the end of Calthrop Neck.  We don't know each other I graduated from VT in 2001.

This is the way

ye

I really appreciate the way Mike Young interviews as well. Really glad we have a coach like him in our athletics program

We’re a wrestling school, top 5 in the nation, but no one pays attention :(

Coach Orville Redenbacher pog

Honestly the basketball team is doing more then flex tape...so far

I think you’re forgetting that Tech specializes in getting your hopes up high just to obliterate you later

Rip

We’re a wrestling basketball school with some sick track, golf, glax, and swim/dive homies (s/o to my old residents from Cochrane 5th)

We don’t wanna hear that right now. All hail Mike and fire Fuente

Today-ish, we hit 24,000 Hokies on Reddit, making us one of the largest college Reddit groups. At least we have each other 🧡❤🦃

**Gobbling intensifies**

Gobble Gobble Bitches!

LETS GO!!

What are the top 10 largest college subreddits?

Yeaaa!! Let's go!

GO HOKIES

4,000 new subs in 194 days is quite impressive for a small sub like this. Over 20 new subs every day since March, 26th, 2020!

Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/VirginiaTech/comments/fp5un1/happy_20000_subs_rvirginiatech/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf

And THAT is Ut Prosim, beaches.

Go Hokies, beat UNC.

Hokie group hug in the showers !

Damn I’m old. I remember when [we celebrated 1,000](https://reddit.com/r/VirginiaTech/comments/kz2io/we_just_made_it_to_1000_subscribers/)

Can you quantify it among "one of the largest"?

I guess this is where we're at. [https://comb.io/tUHClu](https://comb.io/tUHClu)

&#x200B;

"Don't you see? Fear has brought us together!"

Damn I wish WVU’s reddit wasn’t ass lmfao

I wonder what percentage of that is actual students vs alumni vs everyone else

I bet it’s thanks to that anti Karen video

GO HOKIES!!!

HOKIES 4 EVER!!!

Good thing we stopped being forced to see administration and coronavirus complaints 24/7 it felt like nothing else was done on here.

HOKIES!!!

Can we get a nerd from William & Mary to figure that out for us?

[Here's the subscription numbers for the last month](https://i.gyazo.com/71b56d5b4cf6adb44c9b5a0ca8f54d73.png). We also had quite a large uptick right around the time freshman started to move in. 

Another fun traffic stat: Since August we've averaged 1.5 million page views per month.

That's actually amazing! A full 2 years before I even made a Reddit account. Maybe you're not old and I'm just a child.

No!

I know of 2 college subs that are larger. So, we're at least number 3

Ikr.  I always wanted to remove stuff bc it was the same post everyday.  This way it’s better.

Blame the college not the sub lol

If you downvoted me then you were part of the problem 😂

Dude I love statistics and I was hoping you could share some! 1.5 million is insane

>1.5 million is insane

This honestly blew my mind too. I think it's a shame traffic info is only available for mods. Here's some more graphs for someone that also likes stats :)

[Traffic by day of the week](https://i.gyazo.com/beb30ce0194a649680bbce8adb769c60.png)

[Graphing views by day](https://i.gyazo.com/35ae986edf0587e5e53b12bd97967297.png)

[And even views by hour!](https://i.gyazo.com/4e1ed4b541c658f28040ab47fc8b201b.png)

I'm always happy to share what cool info I have!

Happy to see I make up part of the slim ribbon of “old reddit” users haha

Any chance I could see the traffic stats for the last 12 months?

The old Reddit users surprised me too since that's all I use.

Also, of course. I don't see any precise numbers for the last 12 months. However, we are supplied a [graph for page views](https://i.gyazo.com/ce28d77dff0aab6063ad9be633689f10.png) going back to Nov 2019. Note that Sept/Oct obviously don't appear to have updated, yet. 

All together it's super interesting data. Noticeable upticks around covid starting and freshman getting ready to come.

Yep, this was exactly what I wanted to see!

I’ve managed subreddits in the past so I always find these statistics interesting. The freshman spike is way larger than I envisioned and the covid spike was expected

Just answer yes or no

I'm further perplexed by the decision not to test contacts at the end of the 14 day quarantine. How are they to know with certainty that a person is not an asymptomatic carrier?

The funniest thing is unless i'm crazy VT admitted they aren't including self-reported covid results in their counts. So, for example, if you got tested off-campus at the hospital and then answered YES to this question... they still wouldn't count you ;)

Oof. Sounds like VT is doing a less than stellar job. Glad I'm alum this year. Honestly I would probably consider taking the year off if I were a student. Stay safe, Hokies.

Students: No.                              
VT: Understandable, have a great day

Apparently to them no symptoms = no covid

If they're tested positive off-campus, they're cases in somewhere else, not cases in VT, so VT wouldn't count them; otherwise they're double counted across the country.

From a student’s perspective, we already feel as though we’re losing time, opportunities, and overall a profoundly valuable part of our lives. We don’t want to lose anymore. The push to shut down the country for a measly two weeks and close borders like some European countries did failed miserably. So most of us, instead of taking a year off, do what the officials tell us and try to make the very most out of what we have

Yeah I pushed this idea all summer and ended up enrolling in 5 courses myself because I’m a senior and turning 26 this summer so I literally can’t push this back any further without not having insurance next year lol

Except they should be able to easily report that it is a double test while still keeping their dashboard up to date with actual numbers of infected student on or off campus.

JMU for example does include self-reported students meaning the 500 cases it had that got it shutdown could be the truth in VT as well depending on how many off-campus ones they're ignoring on dashboard. 

Obviously double counting would be bad but it's just as bad for that VT dashboard to imply there are fewer student cases than is true and I have to imagine there is a way to update that dashboard to keep public informed without misrepresentation to country/state

That’s just factually not true. Schiffert is overwhelmed and students have been calling other healthcare providers around town and the surrounding areas to get tested while still living local and having some in person classes. Their dashboard is just inaccurate.

Well everyone is facing profound setbacks this year, so you won't be far behind the rest of your age group.  Some people are facing more challenges in terms of loss of loved ones and mental health.

For foreign visitors tested positive upon arrival, they're traced back to their departing country but still only considered a case in the arrival country. 

I agree that VT can include another number for self-reported cases as long as they come to campus (otherwise it doesn't make sense) and are not infected for the second time. The infected students can be fully online somewhere else, thus not counted as a case in VT. However I'm not sure when the self-reporting students get tested. They may be already recovered if they were infected months ago.

Maybe I honestly don't know a ton about it just saw some people on jmu complaining they have friends at VT who cases weren't counted cuz they got tested off campus. Might just be cray

I thought everyone should be tested here in VT. Well for on-campus students at least.

When you're far away from Blacksburg and run into someone who is also wearing VT gear

I was walking through an airport in Montana at like 6:30 in the morning and the place was deserted and lo and behold I hear at a distance " let's go Hokies"!

Made this gif to accurately portray an interaction I had recently, thought I'd share

It is known

Love it!  Go Hokies!

Had this happen in Switzerland and I was so caught off guard

Literally happened to me today when someone saw my VT headcovers on my golf clubs.

me 3 years ago at the guinness storehouse in ireland :0

On my typical \~40 mile morning commute in Jersey, I often see the same two cars with hokie stickers and magnets, and there is often a friendly wave shared between the other drivers and me. Probably 1-3 times weekly for the last three years. wholesome alumni base

I love all y’all!! Go Hokies!!!

Hahaha. Yes! Happened in Alaska to me!

Driving along the 210 west of Pasadena many, many years ago a car overtook my wife's, honked, gave the thumbs up and mouthed something. We were all WTF? Then as he passed we saw the guy had a VT bumper sticker - he was yelling "Go Hokies".  (Our vanity plate was HOKIE1) We're everywhere.

Happened to me at a pizza shop and a target.

Happened to me in an airport in Thailand lol

Few years back I went to Disney World and saw more Hokies than I expected. It truly is the happiest place on earth.

I used to travel a few times a year to China for work (Covid obviously stopped that). There was a bar in Shanghai that had a VT pennant on the wall. I always made a point to swing in there to see if I could run into another Hokie.

Also, I religiously wear a VT hat and/or shirt on airplanes for this exact reason. I love running into other Hokies away from Blacksburg, especially on the other side of the world. It brings back a little feeling of home.

Happened to me yesterday. Held a door for a man at Wawa that was a Tech grad.

Saw a hokie on a volcano in hawaii, they’re everywhere……..

Is a true thing

Same thing for me in Dortmund. The farther away from Blacksburg it happens the more of an event it becomes.

Hold up was this like a week ago in Seward? 😂😂

No way! That happened to me too in December 2019. Came across two people from VT on the way to Thailand. I was also just recently admitted back then.

Wow don't see that town mentioned much on reddit (or anywhere else) my family is from bear creek

Ahahaha litttt. Yeah I ran into a cube car with a bunch of VT stickers the other weekend down in Seward and sprinted up to say whats up lmao

Never tell me the odds.

"So you're saying there's a chance?"

I was so anxious this week worrying about the impossible. I feel so much better now

UVA snatched defeat from the jaws of victory.

We are the 1%!

What was all that one in a million talk?

Virginia Tech women’s basketball advances to the Final Four [84 to 74 Ohio State]

LETS GOOOO!!!!

Honestly have enjoyed watching the women's bracket more this year thanks to this team. Makes a Class of 2020 alum proud haha

I'm starting to genuinely believe this might be the best team that Tech has ever fielded in any sport ever. Beamer/Vick era included.

Next up, LSU 7pm this Friday 3/31

LETS GO

Huge win. What a team

[deleted]

Awesome game, ladies!  Lets Go Hokies!

Crowd in Seattle sounded great! LET'S GOOOO

Women's basketball school!

Special special team!

Incredible performances this weekend. LETS GOOOOO

As a Dallas Hokie I was super excited to be able to go to the next game… until I realized tickets started at $279 a piece

LSU HATE WEEK‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️

How can I get tickets to the game? I am student? Go Hokies!

HOKIES!

Emphasis on TEAM.

[deleted]

Tennessee beat LSU a few weeks ago

HOKIES

They're flying straight to Dallas

HOKIES

it doesn’t matter if you’re a student or not for away games. you’d have to buy them online.

Let the lady Hokies handle them.  Or whatever happens.

Hey, no looking ahead. They got one game left. Win that and they got one game more.

Not saying LSU is going to be an easy win, but based on who theyve played and how they've played, I was more worried about the prospects of facing OSU than I am of LSU. Hoping Iowa can take care of SC

For some reason I couldn’t find the new ticket. Guess still being processed. Plus it’s a home game

don’t think we’re on the same page haha. we’re talking about the final four. it’s in dallas. the next home game will be next season.

Bruh your right! I just looked it up damn lol. I definitely can’t go to Dallas. I guess streaming it is lol

yeahhh we only play at home during the regular season and then again if we get to host during the ncaa tournament earlier stages

Good to know! Hopefully the squad gets the dub

Please consider donating On October 21, 2024, Cadi was riding her motorcycle to class, at Virginia Tech, when she approached an intersection on campus. However, an oncoming driver allegedly failed to yield on their yellow left turn, crossing into Cadi's path. With little to no time to react, Cadi and her motorcycle collided with the driver's SUV. Cadi was ejected from her motorcycle, landing on the other side of the SUV before quickly losing consciousness.

As MedFlight was unable to respond fast enough, Cadi was rushed to LewisGale Montgomery Hospital via ambulance. Due to the critical nature of her injuries, she was then airlifted to Carilion Roanoke Memorial Hospital, a Level 1 Trauma Center.

Things will be very difficult for Cadi and her family for an extended period. Health insurance will cover some, but not all, of her medical expenses, which are anticipated to be very high. In addition to medical expenses, her family will incur many other costs to rearrange their lives around her recovery, such as time off from work, travel, lodging, etc. We are also expecting added tuition costs from extending her academic career. Any donations will go toward assisting the family and Cadi as she recovers and adjusts to her changed life.

The person who hit her - did their insurance pay anything towards her medical bills? Poor Cadi. My heart goes out to her and her family.

Get well soon Cadi!!!!


We’re so sorry about Virginia drivers.

From UVA but saw this post on my feed for some reason. Y’all are good people and upvoted so it’s higher up. Hoping for a speedy recovery.

I remember seeing the post about the accident - so happy to see her friends mobilizing to help her recovery! Thank you for sharing.

Her family can apply for relief through Carillon. My sister in law did it when she had a very premature baby, and they basically footed the bill that was like millions of dollars. Do not just take the bill at face value. They are an incredible institution with great doctors and big hearts. Look up any kind of relief that can be leveraged - grants, admin, government relief etc. I hope she gets better quickly.

Glad to hear she’s gonna make it.

Don’t speed or take risks while driving, especially on motorcycles, everyone. It’s fun, but not worth this

Donated what I could. Having a good support circle for her is the best thing you can do for somebody in her position and it seems like she has that—Speaking from experience. 

If you guys could post this on instagram as well, I’d be more than happy to repost it and spread further awareness. This subreddit will have very low exposure compared to other social medias. VT’s Snapchat story is also a guaranteed 2000-5000 views.

Donated! Damn get better soon

I saw the aftermath of the accident. I’m so so glad she’s alive. I thought there was no way the person lived. So many positive thoughts for this family

Donated. Never went to Tech this just showed up in my feed. I am a fellow motorcyclist though and have lived through and recovered from some pretty bad trauma. Best wishes Cadi, sending positive thoughts for a strong recovery.

Poor girl 💔 praying for a quick and miraculous healing for her

Sad, 
Really sorry.

Yes… motorcycles kill. Very dangerous to ride.

The other driver’s insurance will take months if not years to pay out.

A driver failed to yield, turned into her - and your comment is "don't take risks on your motorcycle"? She was commuting.

The old 'blame the victim.'

From what I understand she was wearing full gear and I wouldn't be surprised if that saved her life

You’re silly. Any vehicle can kill.

Then why do people still get health insurance if it doesn't even pay out in a timely manner

Respectfully, “be safe” is not a controversial take.

And I know there’s no way for me to not sound like a dick when I say this, so again, respectfully— 

—but I saw it happen. She was speeding and when the car turned tried to swerve around it. There’s fault on both sides, man. They were both commuting, I doubt either one went out and decided to have a wreck that day

The old “trying and failing to maintain the moral high ground for internet points.”

They're not talking about medical insurance but instead drivers/car insurance which would cover the liability if/when the driver is found liable in court or if her lawyers and the insurance lawyers agree to a settlement (not a fast process). Also there's the risk of the driver only no/low insurance policy (in Virginia that's currently only $30,000 for personal injury/death)

Basically her health insurance will pay whatever they pay more or less immediately, the remainder either gets paid out of pocket or becomes medical debt, then her family sues the other driver and their car insurance company, the either the insurance settles (slow) or they go to court (even slower), the other drivers car insurance then pays out according to their policy.

How do you know she was speeding?

Then maybe in the future you should clarify that you were a witness and they were also at fault (but you weren't going to do that, were you?) 

And regardless, every fucking time someone gets hit on their bicycle/motorcycle there are comments like your first one implicitly blaming them for being hit by a car, even if they *were* being safe. The message is "it was the person on two wheels' fault for just being on the road."

You have no reason to be this rude nor to put such words in my mouth. Take your attitude elsewhere because I’m not going to entertain the fight that you’re clearly seeking

You must be fun at parties.

Amen

How do I still have 8AMs?

I got an online class 15 minutes after a face-to-face class on campus, I really hope the professor just gives us recorded lectures, I'm not trying to watch live zoom lectures on my laptop on campus.

See y'all on reddit between synchronous zoom classes

Bruh am I the only one who only has 2 online classes

Why does intro to ISe only exist on 8am

Oh boy can’t wait for 5 of my 8 classes to be online

I have small classes and yet I only have one in person lecture?? I did not agree to this

Y'all, there's some 4/16 survivors on this subreddit and maybe one VT person pointing a gun at another is not something they were hoping to see today.

I’m in the same boat, and my in-person lecture is an 8am...

Good luck!

I have the opposite issue, so I hope I can find a good route

Same here, right after ochem lab ;-;

How do I know if my class is online or not? None of my classes show in-person anywhere on HokieSPA.

Yeah I only have 2. The rest are in person lectures. I’m not too upset about that.

Friday morning too😐

Because intro classes are like that.

Bruh how’re you taking 8 classes?

Why is this getting downvoted?  Its an honest question.

Same boat here.

HokiaSpa > Classic Student Schedule > Fall 2020

I’m taking a bunch of easier classes Bc I’m a GEOG major, also have some stupid corps classes to take which really only j take up time

Because it's obviously not about that, and by bringing it up, it assumes that my intent was to be insensitive to the history of the school. This is a prominent meme format that I used to make a joke about online classes, nothing else. 
I care just as much about 4/16 as any hokie should, and participate in the fundraising and booth setup of the memorial run. It's a false accusation, and if these feelings are so deeply stired by a meme I posted, the ability to downvote and continue scrolling is always available.

It's fine, I should have expected it. It's just disappointing.

(Y) S ame

Thank you! I did not know this option existed.

**URGENT** Need a fake boyfriend for Thanksgiving Date Has to be someone staying in Blacksburg over break. I am f(20). $50 compensation (can negotiate…) + I will pay for everything. Details provided on a need to know basis.

Serious inquires only

Coming this fall to the Hallmark Channel, staring Lyndsy Fonseca, "Ut Prosim for Thanksgiving." (But seriously, good luck OP, this sounds like the best worst idea ever).

I'm following this just so we can have the post-Thanksgiving briefing of how this goes. I mean, whoever takes up this offer better be AWESOME at making up stories for dinner conversation. Like, completely off the wall but somewhat believable stories about OP.

Update: After going through all 37 DM’s I received, I have successfully found a fake date!! 

Thank you all for helping me make this train wreck be a little less brutal! I’ll update after thanksgiving!!

Damn when my prospects of getting a date are higher on reddit than they are on tinder...

Screw it I’m game. Male, grad student, reasonably attractive, very charming, can lay it on thick to the parents. Hobbies/ things I can talk about: wood working, the outdoors, car/motorcycle stuff, science, sustainability, social issues. Also a really good cook (can bring an impressive side). I can be funny and witty if you get a few drinks in me. 

Throw in 50 more dollars and a bottle of bourbon and I’ll pick a fight with your racist uncle (optional, only if you’re looking for the classic thanksgiving experience)

PM me to chat and for pics if you want

Edit: I heard from her, she had already picked another ~~victim~~ volunteer. We made a good run of it, thanks for everyone’s support. If anyone else needs my services I’ll be here all week. OP, we all wish you the best. Please let us know how it goes. 

Happy Thanksgiving!!

Staying over break but this sounds like a human trafficking / kidnapping attempt lol. STAY AWAY BOIS AND STAY SAFE

UPDATE: Fake date went extremely well. He clearly remembered our fake backstory and added some details to make it more interesting. Also was way funnier than my version! 

My parents full on loved him (kept mentioning it after he left & before they did) and he did a great job entertaining my dad with sports/outdoors stories. Date boy was raving about my/my moms cooking, so that was an added plus!
 
Also, he offered to do it for free, so it was the best $50 I never spent! (Not saying his name per his request)
Might try to stay friends!!

Keep the money, I'd do it for the fun of it.

Throw in a bag of chips and a lego set

Alternatively: “I have a boyfriend but he goes to a different school so you wouldn’t know him”

You could just say that they went home for Thanksgiving, so he won't be there.

Is there a return offer if this “internship” goes well?

Whoever does this, has to act like they’ve never heard of a potato before.

Show up with a girl. That'll shut them up. 😂😂😂

Oh yeah.  I saw this movie already.

this sounds too good to be true

I’d read this book

Shit that’s a 5 hour drive.  I’d do it for the shits and giggles.

Please vlog it. I’ll pay $10

$50 and free food? I’d say sign me the fuck up but sadly I’m out of town

I feel like this is the introduction to a Hallmark movie

I'm invested now OP; you should post an update on how this turns out.

Please update us when done

Wait, let me ask my girlfriend..

What is this doctor who

I would help😂

we need updates on this lol

You white people are strange

Ah yes I too just watched the Holidate on Netflix

I’m totally in this is my dream

Man, the boosters are really taking advantage of the new NIL rules.

damn I never thought I’d see the day lmaaooo

i’ve read this book 12 times

Yeah we're gonna need an update and story next week.

Someone go and just turn the conversation to politics at every chance

There better be an update post later or we riot.

About to send my son back to Blacksburg for the holiday. 😂

Today’s the day we gonna need updates

Okay u/Due_Elderberry5204, what about that update? Did the both of you fall in love like in the movies?

Can we have a follow up on this OP?

This was the post I didn't know I needed in my life

Lol I love this

Remind me! 6 days

Following

So how did this work out?

We need an update! How did the TG date go?

This wins the "Best of r/VirginiaTech award!!

Imagine the outrage if you flip the sexes in this.

Make it $60 dollars and I am  in I am 21 and get to Blacksburg Wednesday the week of thanksgiving my name is Jack soyer

[deleted]

Drop a pic of your face first lmao

Chill y’all

I’m surprised to see so much hostility from them as if they weren’t the ones who fired him

PSU wanted someone who could stand up against OSU and put their team in championship territory. He wasn’t the man for the job. But that’s not what we’re asking - we’re asking to rebuild a team, rebuild our recruiting base, and get us at least ranked once in a while. A very different mission.

What's really funny is that I keep seeing "Oh just wait until you get to a big game and lose!" That sounds great. I want to have a good record and play in big games. If we lose, oh well, we'll still probably have a good record if we're playing games like that. 

Also we don't have to deal with OSU and UM in the conference so I think that's a tad overblown.

Penn State managed to fire someone who they took for granted without anyone in line to take the job, and without the resources to go out and grab anyone better. Classic. 

Ain’t our fault they got overzealous like 6 games after making the CFP semis. James Franklin got the Luka treatment, now they’re mad at the Lakers for some reason.

As a Louisville fan I'm happy for y'all. Thoroughly enjoyed our first trip to Blacksburg this year and hope that we can play there again soon. The atmosphere was awesome and I hope we get to play you guys in a night game when we're both ranked next time!

Penn State: **WE WOULD DO ANYTHING TO GET RID OF JAMES FRANKLIN** damn the consequences get him out.

Virginia Tech: We would do anything to have a coach like James Franklin we will kill for James Franklin 

*Franklin moves to VT*

Penn State: Good riddance 

*Franklin’s recruits follow him to VT*

Penn State: no. wait! WFT!?!?

They're just mad that the programs are about to trade places. Virginia Tech hopefully be back to being a top 10 team in Penn state's about to go to the dumpster for a while

I’m legit confused by how angry PSU fans are at Franklin for being a “snake oil salesman”. The dude saved their program, with BOBs help initially, and gave them like 6 9+ win seasons in 10 years. How the fuck is this a snake oil salesman???!!??

And they seem to be furious at him for failing to acknowledge Joe Paterno’s legacy. Do they really need someone to explain why Franklin didn’t want to touch that convo with a 10ft pole?

Honestly, PSU fans really need to chill out lol

TLDR - I truly did not know how highly they seem to view their football program. Like yes PSU is a top notch program, but they seem to think they’re Bama lmfao

In fairness, Franklin cleaned up at Pedo state after that scandal. He built it well and this Temu Michigan team was expecting to win championships.

I’m a psu fan and my annoyance is not directed at all at VaTech. In fact I’m happy for them. I am also happy for James Franklin. Sure it’s annoying he’s going after former recruits but it’s clear they were into Franklin and not PSU. Which even if he was “stealing” that’s certainly normal and nothing to be pissed at because it has benefited us in the past and will likely benefit us in the next several months.

The annoyance comes from the 180 that the entire CFB subreddit has done on Franklin. He was the butt of the joke for years and then there was some positivity on them pulling the trigger to fire him when they did. Now the narrative is psu are idiots and they shouldn’t have done this. That’s an annoyance and doesn’t deserve any hate but it’s hypocrisy.

He didn’t get them over the hump and they made the move. I honestly love that even if I really liked Franklin. Sometimes a change of scenery is good for both parties. And if it fails then we try again. It’s just as likely as we didn’t get over the hump with Franklin as we would without him. But we certainly have a shot to make a great hire.

And as a Steelers fan I wish they’d do the same.

Hi there, Central PA native and PSU Fan here.

There's plenty of us that are equally tired of what others are saying and seeing everything in our news feeds. Our football pages are obsessed with what Franklin is doing and all the commits he's taking with him. What people are saying about Franklin and the crap they are saying towards what he's going to do for your Football program are honestly reprehensible and so tiring to hear from the other side of this fence too. He did a fantastic job putting PSU back in the conversation of top of the country, recruiting great players and looking after his squad. He turned a ton of kids into pro-level athletes and is fondly remembered by all of his players. I will always thank Franklin for what he did for the program after the shitstorm that rocked the community and program. He cared for his players and became one of the most winningest coaches of the last decade. I really hope for the next coaches sake that he does well, but I don't foresee PSU having better than a 7-6 record or something for at least a few years with how many recruits left to join you guys. 

I have no doubts that y'all will be having winning seasons in the next few years - if not ranked in the same time period.

  
Cheers!

As a Penn Stater who had this show up in my feed, I have to say I haven’t seen this attitude from our fans. 

I think Franklin is a great hire for VT and I hope he is successful there.

Nothing like showing there was no plan in place like firing a head coach who couldn’t get over the natty hump, to interviewing the interim because he might get you to a bowl game.

I’m a PSU alum who’s lived in northern va most of my life, I don’t think normal PSU fans really care all too much. 

Penn State’s best QB of the Franklin era was originally a Vandy commit, it is obvious the same thing will happen

Nobody wanted Franklin except vt. Smh

I don’t think they expected him to land in their back yard. Squarely in their recruiting footprint.

To be fair, some VT fans have been taunting them for no reason and they are on edge waiting for a coaching hire.  It will all blow over.  Leave them alone, we’re happy to have Franklin and they’re happy to be rid of him.

Totally agree. However, the level of engagement from PSU fans on social media is sooooo annoying. Can’t they just move on and get over it?

The thing I find interesting about Penns State situation is they fired Franklin for many reasons but the one that kept coming up was his 4-21 record against top 10 teams. I looked at the stats and 13 of those loses came against Michigan and Ohio State with an avg ranking of 3rd in the nation. The other 8 loses are Oregon (twice since they have joined), USC, Notre Dame (playoff last year), Iowa State, and when Michigan state had their big year. Penn state was also on avg a +10.1 point dog in those games. They were only favored (PSU -1.5) in one of those 25 games against Utah in 2023 Rose bowl and won.

They are essentially looking for a coach that can win against Ohio State and Michigan with the current or slightly better resources. I'm not sure Andy Reid does that at Penn State, at least against Ohio State. The avg spread in their 1-13 record against Michigan and Ohio State is +11.2. Basically I'm saying the school is looking for a coach to elevate the program and shrink an avg 11 point gap against Ohio State (1-9) and Michigan (0-4) when they are top 10. This does not even include Oregon joining the league.

What's the Coach gap that fills that, the improvement in recruiting rank, and the program investment? They basically fired Franklin because he was not as good as Ohio State. What coach is out there that can close the roster gap on Ohio State, Oregon, and Michigan? Does that coach exist?

Franklin is a builder and we need to be built. He will be constantly pushing the administration to improve at everything. Even if he moves on before his contract is up, he will have improved our foundation significantly.

Losing in the Orange Bowl every few years? Sign me the hell up!

Lol.  Seriously, bring back big game losses at this point.  

Literally the reason Beamer was forced into retirement, and Foster wasn't given the HC job.  Big donors were tired of 10win seasons and losing the big games.  That worked out great for us....

Also on the subject of "hurrrr his record vs top 10 teams is terrible bro", we would be pumped to be playing in the CFP and being contenders in games against top 10 and other ranked teams. That would be a huge improvement on being shitty. 

VT isn't in a position to do better than Franklin right now and can't afford to roll dice hoping a good coach from a lower tier conference translates to a P5 one and continues the same win loss record with us. 

If Franklin turns VT into an perennial top 15 ranked program and is still losing games to top 10 teams all the time, we can have a conversation about trying to upgrade then. Getting there is the goal for the next several years.

[deleted]

Lots of other guys could’ve done the same.  Bill O’Brien had 8-4 and 7-5 seasons at the height of the sanctions, and I don’t know anyone that considers Bill one of the best coaches around, although he’s certainly competent.

Franklin also acknowledged Paterno frequently including in his introductory press conference. After a point there is nothing else to say.

The AD said Terry would be interviewed the day after Franklin was fired. It’s a courtesy interview and nothing more, he’s not getting the job.

Uh huh

Which is asinine because we were open for business before they fired Franklin.

Only here because y'all pop into my feed, as a PSU fan. Thanks algorithms.

  
I don't hate you guys, or CJF. Most people on the sub don't seem to either. I wish him well. Actually glad to see him land on his feet quickly because it selfishly limits our cost on his buyout. He was going to be good with any team he went to as long as the expectations were more manageable, and we'll see whether the recruiting was more because of him or the brand. You guys get the benefit of knowing his strengths and weaknesses at a larger program already. I hope he and you guys win the ACC asap.

VT has been to a national championship game more recently than PSU. This is VTs recruiting footprint that PSU has had success in recently.

I could backfire for them too depending on who PSU hires for coach

As a PSU fan, I gotta say this is 100% accurate.

That's also because there's just a shitload of PSU fans. 

They have the largest Alumni Association (by total membership) in the country and the second largest living alumni total. 

In a group that large you're going to get X% of idiot assholes. That X% turns out to just be a really big number.

> Does that coach exist?

No, likely not.

Thank you for stating the facts lol. Franklins “losing record” against top 10 teams sounds a whole lot better when you realize a lot of those loses are from OSU and Michigan. OSU is having a legacy all time great run. Michigan had Harbaugh. Like bro these two schools beat everyone.

So now … good luck to them finding that coach who can elevate them to all time great heights. Shouldn’t be a problem.

Or we see Penn State became the next Nebraska in 5 years and we literally go “oh fuck that shit, we’re good with Franklin and 9 win seasons and first round playoff exit”

Exactly. Honestly, I feel like in a few years time, Penn State is going to be reminiscing on the days when they’d be winning 10 games every season, even despite the T10 losses. I think they’ve forgotten how rough a coaching transition is, and are overestimating who they’re going to be able to attract with their resources.

The plan was never Matt Ruhle

No school, even blue bloods, have a floor or 7 wins after the biggest scandal of the century. BOB and Franklin were miracle workers.

The acc is in the dumpster, to me it looked like a weak hire

31 psu incoming commits went to blacksburg last week for a visit.  31.

It’s all tongue in cheek. 99% of the hate I see is on X. I’ve never had a problem with PSU and was rooting for them in the CFP.

Or time to see if it was Franklin holding up PSU or they have finally recovered their brand from their scandalous past.

The incoming recruits were not alive for either of team's championship appearances

[deleted]

To be expected - CJF made promises to families and some of them committed to him specifically.

This happens every time a coach suddenly changes schools. The recruits committed to play for that guy not an unknown future head coach. This was true even before the NIL/transfer portal era.

That can't be right, 1999 was just a few years ago

Their parents were.

OSU and Michigan is currently much much better than Clemson, FSU and probably miami too. This comparison is so bad, you unjustly insult OSU and Michigan lol. (Every ACC fan agrees with this)

Go ahead and say “we have lower standards”. But hokies know how to have fun and appreciate good football and that’s what Franklin does. Yall honestly sound entitled, mean and delusional because yall are kicking dirt on the man after firing him …. despite all that he did after ya know the Joe Pa scandal almost destroyed your football program.

Ut Prosim

Don’t have enough spoons to write more about this today other than to say I think it’s a shame that NCB isn’t Librescu Hall by now, even if it would cause those of us that are still here some distress. I avoid the NW side of The Drillfield as much as I can because of what it still does to my day, but the memorial isn’t for me. I know that.

Also, the 23rd student was Minu Pinchal. Let’s not forget her just because she practiced Ut Prosim in a different way: https://www.remembrance.vt.edu/biographies/panchal.html

[removed]

I cannot stress this enough, UT prosim doesn't even do this man justice. It is respectful but a man like this is leagues better than the best hokie. Not just a good hokie but a brave individual.

We petitioned to have New Cadet Hall named LaPorte Hall, but they told us to kick rocks. It's a money matter, not a matter of doing something incredible.

Inb4 they let people name it after themselves so that people donate to the university. The university got the money for Femoyer, Thomas, Monteith, and Major Williams Hall, didn't they?

Agreed. Also nice name. Have you ever ut prosimed... have you ever ut prosimed *on weeeed*? 

Sadly the university is wary of even reminding people of the tragedy. Dr. Librescu absolutally deserves a named building, far more than some rich guy who gave a donation.

He was cool guy. I had him for Dynamics back in like '02 or '03.

I fucked around and kept screwing up school, so it took me many extra years to graduate. I remember seeing him in the hall years after I had taken his class. He remembered me and picked me out of the crowd to chat and see how I was doing. He remembered the plans I had for post-graduation life that I must have mentioned in passing and was legit concerned about me. He gave me some strong encouragement, telling me it wasn't too late at all, to just keep going and I'd get there eventually. How the fuck did he remember so much about some random student from a class he taught years earlier? I guess he just cared...

I still had friends in ESM when the shooting happened. I remember that night they passed around an email to faculty saying that two profs were unaccounted for. They didn't come out and say what had happened to either, but Drs. Librescu and Granata were listed as status unknown. The second I heard that I knew Librescu had died doing something heroic, I fucking knew it. RIP.

(Granata did too, he left the safety of the 3rd floor to try and pull injured students to safety - the shooter never stepped foot on the 3rd floor).

Marlena was a saint. She had such a capacity for empathy and thoughtfulness. A mother to every Hokie that came looking for the hug they didn’t even know they needed. I never met anyone that knew them both that didn’t consider them a single entity. If every spouse aspired to be just half the partner those two were for each other, we’d all live happily ever after.

That’s not really how the UCTC works though. The university will let you fund a building, sure, but the committee’s vetting process to name it is more stringent than what candidates for national office go through. Especially now that Barringer and Lee have been renamed. One single objection can kill a name. Even naming Chem-Phys after President Hahn took four years despite his name being on the building next door for the previous 15. Most agree they simply gave up trying to pass a new name and combined the two buildings instead.

It isn’t called *higher* education for nothing.

EDIT: I’m out of town, please hit me up next week.

Agreed. It makes my blood boil that the school refuses to name buildings so they can use them as bait for mega donations instead of naming them after people who deserve it. People who inspire us, and who's names need not be forgotten. People who we should want to be like. NCB should be Librescu Hall and New Cadet Hall should be LaPorte hall.

Even if you give them the benefit of the doubt and say they're trying not to remind people of the tragedy, its still a bad look. We shouldn't forget anyway.

He did something very similar for me.  I did well in class and on homework, but struggled on the tests.  He took me aside and gave me some encouragement, convinced me to try harder.  A great man.

Okay but here's the thing.

Lee was largely renamed because a small group of people decided to dredge up the history of the man it was named for and REPEATEDLY and LOUDLY trumpeted it to anyone and everyone who would listen, to the point where the university was forced to hasten the naming process. Some of the testing centers and ballrooms have simply been named for the person who paid for them as well.

I see absolutely no reason why a person couldn't, for example, campaign for Homecoming Royalty on the message of getting a hall named after Librescu. That might make the issue high profile enough to force the university's hand.

The university administration doesn’t give a first thought about who wins homecoming whatever. That’s just a handful of kids pining after their high school days when their parents come to town.

It was an example. And I guarantee you that *anything* that potentially influences the school's image is going to be on their radar.

Look at what happened after that article about SGA went out. Reorganization task force is called up immediately, after years of previously attempting and failing to get them to reform SGA.

The petition /u/YutBrosim mentioned had almost 50k signatures. Again, it’s not that simple.

Also, SGA carries about as much weight as homecoming queen. They’re not associated with the administration.

Remember that I agree about NCB becoming Librescu Hall, I just know the system better than to believe it will ever happen.

> SGA carries about as much weight as homecoming queen

Especially now that they're effectively being formally written out of the governance process, yes.

> Remember that I agree about NCB becoming Librescu Hall, I just know the system better than to believe it will ever happen.

I agree that it's unlikely, but after everything that has happened in this past year, I simply can't take anything for granted anymore. The unthinkable has been happening almost every day for a year now. I wouldn't say "never" about anything anymore.

SGA never had a seat at the table. The BOV liaisons for undergrad and graduate students sit above them and aren’t always members of SGA.

Even before the drama, SGA was just kids playing Model UN: Academia Edition.

There was at least the illusion that they actually did something, at least on the Student Affairs level. No student (even the BOV Liaisons) really have control or say in what the university does at the BOV level.

So this is the place everyone's talking about

Make sure you hit up Sunday brunch but idk if you’ll find a table in there

D2 shit(s)post. Nice.

Is this where the hot chili challenge does things to my ass?

Try the grey stuff, it's delicious!

Honestly you’ll probably find better food in there

Corn dog nuggets covered in nacho cheese.

D3 coming on strong.

The winner of the D2 dash iiiissss....  OHHHH PPPEEEEE

Please explain

D2 always gave me the shits, but dear god its  brunch was amazeballs. Also, RIP Schultz breakfast.

Don't believe me? Ask the dishes!

OP found the auxiliary D2 location.

D2 is a dining center on campus.

RIP Schultz. Gone from campus, but not from our hearts and stomachs. 

F

?

F

D Squared as they call it

F

Is it a closet

F

yes

Anyone miss the crowds?

I don’t think I’ve ever missed the Qdoba line until now

No crowds is the only good part of the pandemic lmao

The way I graduated spring but am seasonally craving origami.....

I have to say, I don't miss the crowds to get Qdoba and even get a seat. 

It's kinda nice

Are the Turner restaurants closed this semester?

About as much as I’d miss a kidney stone.

Been using my remaining on campus plan solely for Qdoba and rice. Having no line has been perfect, but I hope it stays that way for as long as possible

It's actually brilliant without the crowds 😛 Plenty of parking, no long queues at restaurants! Wish it all stays the same, **WITHOUT** the pandemic 😑

No not at all

I was there at 2pm on Friday.  There were a decent number of people in there.

As an introvert I endorse this advertisement for the pandemic.

Origami is only serving sushi

not sure why you're downvoted. As someone who's not on campus anymore, I have no idea what this meme is referring to. Also, who in their right mind would miss crowds of any kind?

Coming from a worker. So we are open but brueggers closes at like 3, sometimes the rest close earlier just cause, and everything is grubhub.

me too brother

how are you getting in without being a freshman?

... are you British?

best local comedy account right here folks

Same here.

as an ambivert i do not

No chicken rice and yum yum? Guess I can pass on the four hour drive.

Say sike. You’re telling me no hibachi and yum yum?

That’s false

This post makes me feel old. It's the opening video sequence for the original COD4 Modern Warfare that came out when I was a freshman at VT in 2007.

Its referencing the fact that everybody feels the need to eat lunch between 11-1, so by 2 there aren’t any lines

Uh, why?

He better watch that edge too it’s sharp but also very edgy

You couldn’t buy it if they were serving it... only meal plan money is accepted and off campus can’t purchase them.

I haven’t found when they’re selling it

Sometimes they’re selling it

When are they open then cuz I’ve been trying to get lunch there

Oh yeah, I know the meme. What I don't understand is how it applies to Turner is at the present moment as I've been gone for 3 years.

No, it's that last semester you had to swim through crowds, and now it's absolutely dead

> It's actually brilliant

Oh, no reason...

You said queue instead of line

They could probably still load up their Hokie P with some money. Also an alumni so I don't actually know, but I would imagine you could.

M-F before 3pm I think

Ah. I prefer queues :P And no, I'm not British.

You can’t reload the Hokie p. I’m a current student and am not allowed to put more money on it. I only have what I had left over last semester

Well I rescind my suggestion. That stinks. On the bright side, anyone without a meal plan will really hone their cooking skills I guess??

Merry white Christmas to all the Hokies out there!

I haven’t seen snow in years from going to school in Florida and bad luck. I’m a student at VCOM and the very SECOND I leave it snows lol

Beautiful, snowy, Burress never gets old. Thank you!

🎄❄️

Enjoy it while you can folks, probably won’t get much snow here anymore

There’s really no other campus like it

We got about 4 inches of snow here

Of course when we all leave SMH

Looking for girlfriend Looking for a girlfriend (any race is fine)


Valorant Elo: Silver III


League of Legends Peak Elo: Silver IV


Phone: iPhone 14 Pro


Laptop: 13" Space Grey Macbook Pro M2


Main Laptop: RTX 4060 Laptop GPU


Vehicle: Feet


GPA: 3.34 cumulative


Major: CS (CAS)


Money: $6

Length and girth please

Forgot to post your height smh

I'll help but it'll cost $7

I see you’re a CS major, as long as you shower you can find love here

Idk how you’re still single

Yeah well, I am Exalted with Sporeggar on multiple characters.

Any race is fine? Wow way to be a race traitor even *thinking* about mixing with Zerg and Protoss. Terran supremacy.

Gl on the search lmao

Don't be so picky.

Bro is looking for a boyfriend-free girl

Only silver? Yea your cooked

A whole 6$!? I Didn't realize I was in the presence of royalty.

Either its a copypasta or bro really this desperate

hahahaha😐

Thought she was lost for a moment

Chess elo?

Wait, is that a list of your qualities or the ones you want your girl to have?

I thought these were the qualifications your future girlfriend has to have.

What is this 😭

hey i’m also in silver3 - gold 1 elo we should play sometime 
(dm me and i’ll send u my tag)

Might want to remove the $6 😂

I fucking love the league of legends rank inclusion 💀💀 this reminds me of the linkedin grandmasters post. It might just work

You’re going to have to bump the funds up to $8 or so.

I spend my mana reserves to cast Mighty of the Beyondness.

You might get gold diggers flexing that kinda cash

Ok but what Astartes chapter do you prefer?

Of course you're a CS major. It's never the CpE or the EE guys, it's always a CS major.

Gonna need at least a 4070 to get a gf.

Whats in the fridge

Might need to upgrade the vehicle and money category 😂 Joking aside..,just join some clubs man

Next time add your SNN

im immortal and got a 4080 laptop buddy

Well you’re gonna have to get to gold Atleast my boy 😭 my peak was gold 3

You listed all the wrong credentials. What’s your Counter Strike ELO?

You didn’t even put her yr/ class

IDK why I got this post recommended to me, but I thought these were your requirements for the girlfriend, lol. 

I was like "how specific, how odd"

it’s been 4 months did u find that girlfriend or nah

Cs > valorant

repost again

eg https://www.reddit.com/r/USC/s/RrFnx8p8gr

Literally copied, at least try to be original broski

How do i downvote this multiple times bro touch grass smh

3

https://preview.redd.it/mipqsaeovytd1.jpeg?width=457&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=7b61f6a5e819cbad9f50e8d76fdb0130c46966c2

it's always 6'2"

Yeah my girlfriend showers so there was no way I’d say no to that

Nice name btw

I heavily fw your name and opinion

That’s a fucking GRIND

This gave me ptsd

Netherwing or bust

Agreed, Tauren supremacy is the only way.

Mooo

Thought I'd share a painting I did of Burruss Hall! :3

Very Nice

That looks so good. Looks like the palace you walk to after beating a video game. You’re so talented!

Love your style

What a wonderful painting! I love your use of color. All the foliage looks so lush.

That is beautiful! You are so talented.

gonna look at this when I miss vt this summer :)

Looks like scenes in pokemon sword&shield at first glance

Amazing picture!!! Only thing missing is a long line of busses blocking the view.

Nice layout and good job!

Lame Stadium Next?

thank you! :)

thank you so much!

thanks!

Thank you! it looks more stylized than the realism i was going for, but i'm pretty happy with it nonetheless :)

Aw, thanks!

awesome! that was my intention by sharing it. people have already left campus and are probably already missing it lol

Thanks! hahahaha I was actually contemplating whether I should include cars, busses, flag poles, etc. XD

Thank you! :)

hahahaha I can't promise, but when I do get inspired and motivated I might do it! :3

Glad to hear! It's excellent work. I think what contributes the most to the "stylized" aesthetic is the comparatively smooth texture of Burruss compared to the textured foliage.

thanks! Oh, I made this when taking the Painting for Non-Majors class, and I just didn't have enough time to completely put textures on the building, hahahaha might have to finish it at some point idk

There's a painting class for non-majors? What's it called? Taking it would be so fun!

Yes! It's literally called "Painting for Non-Majors". It's so much fun! I recommend it. There are also Drawing for Non-Majors and Photography for Non-Majors (and Sculpting? i'm not too sure)

Haha, all 3 of them sound pretty dope and would prove to be a major boost for the GPA! What's your major btw?

Oh definitely! I'm majoring in Environmental Conservation & Society, also minoring in Visual Arts & Society so I had to take a Non-Major Art course

Ohh wow, that's definitely very creative, does that major fall under the College of Arts and Science or more towards the law side?

it's under the College of Natural Resources and Environment. it's a pretty interdisciplinary and versatile field/major so that's why I chose it (it can be about education, law, outreach, etc.) I still don't know what I wanna do tho lol

Before the dark times pt. 16

Y'all never just pulled into the lot and ghost rode that mf while you ran in and tried to get your meal before your car crashed? You can't get a parking ticket if your car isn't parked

Having to take the extra long bus ride from my apartment to campus because I don't want to pay parking fees just so I don't waste my dining dollars that expire in a few weeks😌😌

Who else sang this? 😂

the guys in safety vests using iPads in the Owens lot are not your friends

I work downtown.. ticket assholes start at 9am.... walked outside at 9:07.. yellow ticket go burrr

Pay the meter in the bookstore lot, walk over and pick up your food, then return to your car and leave. No ticket.

This is how I found out that the drillfield didn't open up at 5pm like the rest of campus. You kinda have to give them credit at being so ludicrously fast at ticketing people

Awful banter

Convenient of you to post this the day I do a double circle of the parking lot to check for a parking douche, grab a spot for less than 2 minutes as I pick up a Grubhub order, and find a ticket on my windshield with no douche in sight.

This is literally how I got a ticket like a month ago. I was picking up chicken parm from owens, it wasn’t after failing a test though

Yeah next level is putting it in first gear so it moves 😂. Y'all know you can put a quarter in at the library lot and walk like 200 feet to hokie grill right?

I’m bulk buying food rn, Chick-fil-A can I get 3 30 ct nuggets and leaf and ladle salads to survive me a week at a time

[deleted]

I used to work at Joes Diner and the same happened to me. I made it to the courthouse within 10 minutes of the ticket being issued and the clerk just laughed and tore it up.

Assuming you can find a spot...

I am simply a conveyor of relevant public frustration :)

[deleted]

Big brain. I might have to start doing that...

I'm a sophomore off campus- off campus fellas don't have their dining dollars carry over to next semester(like dec 16) so a few weeks is a bit of an exaggeration

Yea those dudes are clowns .. cellar guy here... the parking guys havnt changed one bit

There's virtually always a spot in that lot, only problem is that a quarter gets you a whopping 4 minutes

Here I go buying 850 nuggets I guess

How do you get the tray from there btw?/can you not order off grubhub?

[deleted]

Now I might just be an old fart (graduated in May) but when I was there I could NEVER find a spot in that lot around the times I'd try to go pick up food

If you're just picking food up, it shouldn't really take longer than that walking to and from Owens.

[deleted]

Np you won't have to worry abt it for a while

No one is shopping at the bookstore right now.

Is with the discount?

I think you're missing the point of this series of memes

[deleted]

Would be better if you’d ask me how I’m feeling. 

Anyway, this was a response that people can’t find an open parking space at the bookstore lot, which is ridiculous since that lot is wide open all day and night.

Shit I don't have enough left for antray :(((

What does that mean for us?

Sic semper tyrannis

Right to free speech and free assembly much?

It’s like watching Professor Umbridge get all those signs hung in Hogwarts. Like oh boy what are we banning today!

Straight nonsense. "Illegal protests"? This will not affect us at all, just another one of his claims to rile up the sheep while actually doing nothing. "Sent back to the country they came from". This tweet or truth is pretty stupid lol.

That Mango Mussolini is a wannabe fascist who will try to violate both our right to free speech and our right to freedom of assembly.

What it means is T-Bag hates protesters and you should do it as hard as you can.

Come and take it.

I’ve been told (by a parent I work with from their kid that) ICE showed up at UVA related to foreign students protesting. Cannot confirm but that is tracking with what this is saying. 

This is to stop dissent. It’s illegal because it was declared illegal by the king. And it’s not illegal for the king to overrule the constitution that thanks to the Supreme Court abdicating power and responsibility. 

Keep up y’all.

It means your president is a dumbass.

Fascism is Fascisming. 

Time to step up protests. Time to be louder.

A tweet is not law, and the insecure little senile old man words don't mean shit.  We all need to tell our representatives to act NOW.

Issuing commands like this via twitter. Wtf.

Prediction: he's about to do some (more) stuff that will make college students very upset

https://preview.redd.it/gi6bpgzgvome1.jpeg?width=1079&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=84383897adfd5d8e216d6521a188a4058c5963c5

Most likely nothing really. I’ve yet to see an illegal protest here on my own time, and there’s no reason to draw attention to VT when the school is generally pretty relaxed.

It’s called fascism.

It means students need to protest their asses off! Don't accept autocracy!!

“…and depending on the crime, arrested.” That means regular police or national guard will be on your campus. Or even military, since he’s been clear he doesn’t oppose using military against Americans. Read about the Kent State massacre. And remember, just like the brutal police response to BLM protests around the country, they will blame the violence on protestors. This is from a BBC article about the kids killed at Kent State.

https://preview.redd.it/pka5b6r3wpme1.jpeg?width=960&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=598cca5e7ef2b46459c17d864e064e63c256693a

Ordering students to behave has always worked out in the past. Oh wait.

But he pardon the people who stormed the Capitol

Nothing. It's unconstitutional

Define “illegal protests” first

The problem is protest are popping up everywhere now.  Well it’s a problem for Trump.  After the protests at colleges like Columbia last year, they demonized them.  Called them illegal.  Said the universities were woke.  This post from him is no surprise.  I can see how they might send ICE agents to scare people.  

If they follow procedures for a legal protest, it shouldn’t be a problem. Go through the administration and campus police to get a permit. Definitely no camping!  I suspect they will say something like for four hours, you can protest outside of Squires or on Henderson Lawn. I would go for the Drill Field, if they would allow it.  I would imagine certain areas of campus might be off limits… like the memorials.  Call tv stations to tell them you are protest but that would bring some unwanted attention too.  

They could also go to the town to protest on the edge of campus.  The town has guidelines to make it legal. I would dot your i’s and cross your t’s for everyone’s sake.  Meet with Blacksburg police.  We protested when the Westboro Church came to town.  The town gave the protestors certain areas to stand.  The church had set up times for where they would be so it all went like clockwork and there were no issues.  It was just symbolism for them anyway.  



I know the locals that are protesting in Christiansburg have met with the police department to make sure what they are doing is legal.  They have set times and areas.  There was a limit to how many could assemble (at first) but they have resolved this.

Simple: get a permit for your protest. All protests in America are legal so long as you abide by local requirements like not blocking rights of way or being on private property. The government can't expell people from schools lol.

Are we taking bets if Take Back the Night will be cancelled?  My guess is Run for Rememberance might be on the chopping block too.  At some point it's a display of power, which is really the only thing he and his supporters care about.  It's not like they care about prosperity.... just look at the current stock market...

It means nothing it’s his bodies way of passing hot air that can’t get through his diaper

Nothing. It’s performative theatre for his sheep.

This will hold up only because the supreme court is stacked.

The situation at Barnard college likely explains this. Trump is very connected and identifies with New York City, and that's been a big story the last few days. They've had issues with protesters wearing masks coming in disrupting classes and so forth. For a long time, the faculty and administration were pretty tolerant of this and they've just recently started cracking down. I suspect he read a story about it and wanted to tweet about it.

It means that Tim Sands eats lightbulbs

Key word is 'allows' - there are some schools doing little or nothing to stop illegal protesting.

It means don't let idiots destroy your campus.

Surely this will be used fairly against masked fascists marching with swastika flags!

Lol he literally doesn't have the power to do any of that the dude is talking trash so the public vickers over it instead of seeing what he's going to try to do for his corporate buddies

So ironic coming from the architect of the Jan 6 riots.

Hopefully revolution.

If you guys stop because the baby said to do so you entirely miss the point of civil disobedience and protest

We have the right to protest; so keep going the courts will figure itnout

Don’t act a fool.

He's obviously talking about what has been happening on the campus at Columbia University. Students in masks were storming Classrooms while professors were teaching a Jewish Studies class and then refused to leave and assaulted some of the faculty and staff.

  
Edit Spelling\*

It doesn’t mean a goddamned thing.  He’s just typing.

posts like these make me concerned about my fellow voters and their lack of basic political knowledge. I'll make it simple. illegal protests are violent protests, the American public has a constitutional right to PEACEFULL protest without interfering with police or government officials. anything other than this is an illegal protest which VT does not condone in anyway. The "free Palestine" protest turned violent therefore police were called, and students were arrested. do not do this, you have the right to free speech and to make signs and block the sidewalk with whatever thing you believe in no matter how right or wrong you are, but the second you shove me out of the way or make me threatened you will have consequences because that turns violent. this does not impede your right to free speech, this is not "tyrannical" this is just saying "hey if you do the thing you aren't supposed to be doing anyway, you will actually have consequences" please stop pretending that because something is said by trump that it is bad

The party claiming for free speech and open debate sure is doing a lot to squash free speech and open debate

If you protest the gestapo may come for you. I'm protesting.

Free speech is not an unlimited right. Actions have consequences. That's all this means.

The "thank you for your attention to this matter" really gets me like it's not some random social media post

When I went to Tech in the late 2000s, the student body seemed to lean more conservative than democratic. What is it like today? And what do republican Hokies think about all this?

Pay attention to what's ahead, that led him to post this. That's the real headline.

When was Right to free speech and free assembly illegal?

Not a VT student but why don’t we just protest against everything going on. If they arrest us then boom lawsuits galore.

This reads like one of those clearly fake tweets spread by satirical fake news websites. But it’s real. Funny stuff

Selling a Prius Catalytic converter Like-new condition, freshly harvested

Whoever reported this post: it’s staying up. Someone is just trying to make an honest living here

I need 2 actually, do you happen to have a second?

Don’t worry bro I’ll get a third one ready for you in a week or so

lmao

Lmao

Oh hey I just found out I need one of those!
Sure is lucky we ran across each other.

Lmao, didn’t someone get robbed of a converter recently??

Edit: oh it’s a meme 🤣🤣🤣

lololol I love this sub

Did I pass you in Engels lot today? I tried to flag you down. Someone sold me an empty box

Buy Local • Eat Local • Be Local

We love locally sourced goods 🥰

Damn, the crackheads of baltimore sellin their loot in tech

Sure do, hope to have a third soon!

I can get two for you, but I’ll need to sell you the first one and then after about a week, I can get the second one for you.  If you need another one at that point, it’ll be another week.

this ^

Awesome!! Meet me here:

200 Clay St SW, Blacksburg, VA 24060

50,000 people used to live here... now it’s a ghost town.

Campus is surreal. Absolutely deserted, except for empty buses driving around.

All ghillied up baby

I had to run in to the office yesterday to get something, and drove through campus. It was eerie. My summer commute is one thing...less students, less traffic, but this was like campus was deserted. I guess it means we're doing what we're supposed to!

I'm actually kinda impressed that a lot of people recognized this reference, considering that freshmen were like 5-7 years old when this came out.

It's like being here in Summer not too weird...

The number of people who didn’t get this is very surprising.

I hate to say it but I love it when all you fuckers leave because Blacksburg is so nice in the summer and during winter break.

Where is this 50,000 number coming from?

I graduated already, To a certain extent the students and townies are always pretty separated / socially distant (with exceptions obviously) 

I hope everything is going okay down there & people are quarantined up. Blacksburg would be an awful place for an outbreak. “Lowkey highkey” soooo many senior citizens that live in & around Blacksburg

I am alumni in China and never saw this before, it should be beautiful when nobody is in town. Hope everyone is safe in now.

Yeah it’s nuts. We miss you guys. Stay safe, Hokies!!!

I’ve never seen anything like it.

It's kinda beautiful

At least it's a very pretty ghost town

Do the foreign exchange students leave too?

It pains me to know that I'm old enough to get the reference. I guess you could say its time to go hunting, whadya say Capt. Price?

PY gang

Most people are still living here. Just aren’t outside lol....

Yeah, I live about an hour away and I was thinking about just shopping I'm Blacksburg because the store to person ratio is super high. There's like noone in the store so I'd be much less likely to contract COVID-19.

😭😭😢😢

just reopen the school already. this whole thing is so silly

The mechanisms of old continue to roam, having outlasted their departed creators.

[deleted]

i havent left my house in a month, are there less people than summer?

I felt the same way on Tuesday when I went to get  some stuff from my office :O

Remastered version + a lot of us played as teens anyways

nah it’s so much more empty than summer. drive around on a weekend night, it’s desolate

summer is so boring lmao

It's kinda funny. I think someone posted the link in another comment for educational purposes

Username leads to suspicions

Seems like hardly any students leave during the summers these days.  I know that's an exaggeration but you really should've seen what it used to be like when nobody wanted to stay here.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RRYmVb33VU0

It's so fun to watch all these people arguing about 50k when it's just a CoD reference

Probably the schools enrollment numbers

There’s approximately 6% of on campus students still here.

not most but more than people think

Please don’t come here to shop tho

>I'd be much less likely to contract COVID-19.

That's making a huge assumption that you're not already an asymptomatic carrier.

That sounds like it came out of Stephen King's dark tower series.

"There Will Come Soft Rains"?

That sounds like a fallout quote

[deleted]

I agree. Summer brings construction projects and road improvements to life, and there’s a flurry of summer camps and summer orientation activities. 

This? This is surreal.

Ohhhhh thanks!

I never played Call of Duty so I don't know why I would be expected to know the reference.  Nobody's arguing anyway, it was a simple question.

~36,000 != 50,000

I’m willing to bet off campus numbers are decently high compared to what people think as well.

Are you guys excluding townies from this? Lol because there’s thousands of them

🤯 👀

I thought the same thing.

Great to be back on campus this year!

I've always found that whole thing bizarre. Churches in rural areas like this usually don't have a ton of money and they're spending it on this.

But here's the thing:

1. If you are Christian and actively practicing, you probably already have a Bible.

2. If you aren't Christian or actively practicing, you're not going to want a Bible.

So what's the goal here?

Pro tip: walk around campus wearing a set of large over-ear headphones. No one will try to talk to you or hand you shit. At least it seemed to work with my Sennheisers.

I graduated back in 2010 and this happened every time we walked across the Drill Field. Learned quickly just to say “Jew” as they approach.

Print out a pamphlet of your own and hand it back to them

just happened to me like 5 minutes ago.

just ran into the dudes handing out the New Testament outside of Turner lol

If you're a member of the corps of cadets, you could consider this approach: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f4CizzE-zZo

I just said yes and grabbed one because I'm not good put on the spot lmao.

lol yeah theres like 40 of em I took one at 9 am and from then on basically have been holding it up to all these guys as I pass by lol

So that’s what that is?

Cant wait for my free award bc im 100% coming back for this post

This post was way funnier than it should’ve been 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂

To them if they get someone to even open the page of a bible that’s a win as there’s potential they might adopt the Christian faith. Bibles are relatively cheap and there are multiple organizations that will provide and hand out bibles for churches and programs that you see on campus. Hell it’s why there are bibles in almost all hotel rooms. Cost is a non issue when it comes to bibles

Make it feel like you’re doing something

A Christian friend of mine was converted following a similar effort. Just because it doesn't work often doesn't mean that it never works. If you consider the stakes to be very high (souls, eternity, etc.) then playing a low-percentage game like this isn't so unreasonable.

Also, regarding funding: (1) I don't think this effort is funded locally and (2) churches with a lot of professors and other professionals are funded pretty well.

This might sound lame, but you should just ask your questions to these guys. They are there because they care for you (albeit maybe not in a way that you agree with) and they want to talk to you. I'd suspect they'd be happy to answer.

It can just be a sheet of paper with a QR code that links you to [this WikiHow article](https://www.wikihow.com/Stop-People-From-Trying-to-Convert-You-to-Another-Religion).

Airplane! is a gem

>Bibles are relatively cheap

This especially is true. I remember as a kid my home church would hand out bibles but it was always like the small core new testament stuff regarding salvation (Matthew, Mark, Luke, John, Romans) in really thin bounded paper. To us it really just felt like getting them out there made us feel like we were making a difference I suppose though lol. Not sure the complete motive of handing them out to students on their way to class though.

I guess that makes sense considering there are Churches that are quite literally run like businesses. If local churches are part of a larger network (e.g. Catholic churches) they probably don't need to rely on their own funding.

Well, unfortunately, there's a 50/50 chance that if I go up and talk to them they're going to notice that I'm wearing gay pride pins on my backpack and I'd like to not get hate-crimed. Not saying that everyone who does things like this are going to be bigots, but it's a possibility and I'm not comfortable exposing myself to potential harassment. I know where the LGBTQ+ friendly churches/places of worship in the area are so if I wanted to I could visit them.

Most local churches are independent from a major church network. Not sure about any other branches of faith but usually there’s little to no overlap between a rural church in Appalachia and a Joel Oelstein style mega church. I’m at Radford and the only ones handing out bibles are either religious clubs on campus that are part of a national organization or a religious group themselves who travel campuses across the country

I think it's vanishingly unlikely that they're going to do anything like that, especially in public. It seems that you're stereotyping these people. I don't know them, so maybe you're right, but I still think it'd be better to be open minded about it.

I wasn't referring to mega-churches. A lot of churches tend to have "sister churches" in neighboring regions around the state, and they sometimes pool finances. The church my mother attends back in Richmond has sister churches in Alleghany and Hanover counties. I know that her church has done "donation drives" to fund various projects at those churches before.

I've been open minded about it in the past and it didn't go well. You'd be surprised at what people are willing to say to your face if they decide you're less than human.

Oof. I'm sorry to hear it. Hopefully you've had that type of interaction for the last time.

Appreciate the sentiment! There are way more spaces on campus that are affirming and inclusive than there were when I first got here so hopefully the climate continues to change for the better.

knock knock

Y’all forgot to add Alabama...Mfers got nearly 2000 cases in 2 weeks

New cases in Montgomery County since 8/1

* 9/2/2020	68
* 9/1/2020	39
* 8/31/2020	16
* 8/30/2020	28
* 8/29/2020	22
* 8/28/2020	16
* 8/27/2020	7
* 8/26/2020	12
* 8/25/2020	5
* 8/24/2020	13
* 8/23/2020	12
* 8/22/2020	9
* 8/21/2020	12
* 8/20/2020	4
* 8/19/2020	0
* 8/18/2020	5
* 8/17/2020	5
* 8/16/2020	6
* 8/15/2020	6
* 8/14/2020	2
* 8/13/2020	1
* 8/12/2020	5
* 8/11/2020	2
* 8/10/2020	0
* 8/9/2020	4
* 8/8/2020	0
* 8/7/2020	5
* 8/6/2020	5
* 8/5/2020	3
* 8/3/2020	9
* 8/2/2020	5
* 8/1/2020	2


https://www.vdh.virginia.gov/coronavirus/coronavirus/covid-19-in-virginia-locality/


*The dates correspond to the previous day's reporting, ex: 8/2 numbers represent cases reported on 8/1.

For what it’s worth I’m genuinely sorry y’all in person people are getting screwed. At least I’ll see y’all in zoom university

Might want to update the meme....

ND dashboard... https://here.nd.edu/our-approach/dashboard/

ND also requires all but seniors to live on campus and has no greek life. They can test all day and clamp down hard on stupid. So they are likely to stay all year and be in very good shape relative to most universities their size.

How many people at these universities died due to Covid?

...and that’s why Blacksburg residents like it better in the summer when the undergraduates are gone...

Are you implying that people aged 18-22 are dying from Covid?

Screw this meme. We are gonna get thru this semester

Also I heard from VTPD/Blacksburg PD/School thay they don’t expect to close even w/ 1000 cases they expect to handle it accordingly so the snowflakes need to to stop yapping

[removed]

> The cases are plateauing

- nrv health director

I read this list from top to bottom and thought Montgomery was doing really well, then I looked at the dates...

I also think a lot of people don’t realize how small the student body at ND is because they still compete at high levels athletically. Their total undergrad is under 9k. VT undergrad is 27k.

This is the question we should be asking. So far what I’ve read is no va student has died from COVID yet and it’s very rare for college aged individuals to die from it without severe underlying conditions. Penn state is reporting 1 student fatality from “covid and other complications” and the CUNY schools of ny are claiming 38 deaths “within the system” but are not saying they are students.

Except for the fact that the majority of jobs wouldn’t exist in Blacksburg if not for the university. 

Summer Blacksburg has a definite charm but let’s not pretend the city would look anything like it does alone. It’s one of the most immeshed city/university combos there is.

This person doesn't speak for all of us. 

I like some of the benefits of the seasonal emptiness that might stem from their absence; but if I didn't like being around the students I wouldn't live here.

Off campus students are Blacksburg residents

Yeah, every year when the undergrads come back, they bring a viral disease with them.

I have to agree lol

As expected I guess

What? How?

I mean they clearly are plateauing*

*Just a curvy upward plateau....

Meanwhile, the school board is all "the health director says the cases are plateauing and the school system has no overlap with the colleges."  🤦‍♂️

Hahahaha

I rotated my phone 90 degrees. This checks out!

We don’t know enough about the long term effects of catching and recovering from Covid-19 to be nonchalant about case numbers. You might beat it but then never be able to do strenuous exercise again due to reduced lung capacity. We just don’t have the data to know. 

Also students don’t live in a bubble. Cases rising in Montgomery county are primarily students right now, but students still grocery shop and eat at restaurants and get gas and interact with the greater Montgomery county as a whole in other ways. The cashier you use at Kroger could have an elderly person in their house. 

It very well could be that not a single Virginia Tech student dies from COVID-19. But I would be very surprised if the Montgomery county death toll does not also increase to a degree of statistical significance during the fall semester.

While COVID may not be as deadly to young adults, its not only young adults present on college campuses. That question does not account for everyone being exposed to COVID due to a university being open.

Also ANY fatalities, students or faculty, as a result of universities opening is irresponsible. So not exactly sure why this is the question that we should be asking.

Oh yeah, and what about teachers faculty and other staff?  How about the community around the students?   Sure, maybe students dont die, but what about EVERYBODY ELSE?  Smh.

But that's not the whole point. If you get covid you have failed to protect not only yourself but others. You are contributing to a global epidemic that is killing hundreds a day.

I see some of you didn’t like my post.  It was meant to be humorous, I’m an alum myself.   I just remember the sense of “oh no, they’re coming back” on the part of locals.  COVID probably heightened that sentiment.

They’re using the “fuck it” strategy for outbreak control.

Can’t plateau if it doesn’t go up first. *Taps temple*

They plateau if you look sideways

The lifespan of people infected in early life during the Spanish Flu pandemic of 1918 was shorter than normal. 

[Paper here](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3682600/)

Agreed. It’s just not a good idea for the universities to have put everyone in this situation in the first place. But hey, fixed costs are fixed costs I guess. Gotta get their money somehow.

This.

Yes, the problem is the students will be fine, but  having them all centralized at a university increases the infection rates for everyone else, creating a problem that was avoidable

Yeah. I’m an off-campus resident student. Lived here for 4 years now. It’s definitely nice having a quiet town every summer and during breaks. Less traffic, less noise, less lines, and now, less COVID cases.

Usually I just get a bit (well, a lot- move-in day last year made my 10-minute commute an hour and a half) annoyed by the increased traffic. This year it was almost a panic attack, because it was the first time I'd seen people in groups in five months.

This tactic is also known as The Swedish strategy, except it works worse in the US then it did in Sweden.

Unfortunately the economic impact to the greater community if VT didn’t resume classes would be *massive*. I would wager most of downtown could not survive without the student spending if there wasn’t a government stimulus or something. 

I really feel like the government could have done a lot more to provide support to people and small businesses during this.

probably because they don’t have to worry about going into financial ruin if they want to go visit the doctor.

Because so many Americans are obese and unhealthy unfortunately

[deleted]

Sweden is still doing far worse than its Nordic neighbors in cases and mortality. They on average they have healthier citizens than that of the US, but still the "screw it herd immunity strategy" is taking its toll.   The elderly and the immunocompromised are the ones who suffering and dying at high rates.  The US is a walking health crisis as it is, but let's let a pandemic that preys on people that are already sickly. Plus we have COVIDOTS that still believe it is a hoax and refuse to follow protective directives aka masks and social distancing.

Exactly. And even if VT paid all of its own employees what they would have made (which wouldn’t happen), all of the restaurants and shops downtown would have to lay-off employees if not shut down completely.

[deleted]

The government handing out trillions to their cronies while using the looming threat of economic extinction of small business owners and cascading impoverishment of working people as extortion to pry open the shops and force people back to work.  The mob couldn't have done it better.

VMI and Virginia Tech cadets welcoming Queen Elizabeth II at the VA Capitol Building in 2007

Queen Elizabeth II visited Virginia in 2007 to commemorate the 400th Anniversary of the founding of Jamestown. She came to the Virginia Capitol Building to speak to the House and the Senate, accompanied by Governor Tim Kaine.

Edit: Was also reminded that in 2007 she also visited survivors of April 16th: https://www.npr.org/2007/05/03/9981615/queen-elizabeths-trip-includes-visit-to-tech-victims

how did she look the exact same in 2007 as in 2022?????

Woah this is really cool, never knew! RIP her majesty 🙏

What an incredible picture.  I was in grad school then, and don't remember this...how is that possible.  What a stressful time.

Rip queen lol

Oh, I remember that day, it was one of the worst traffic jams I have ever been stuck in.   They completely shut down  I-64 for her motorcade to drive from Richmond to Williamsburg.   

I, am a descendant of a revolutionary soldier who was at Valley Forge with George Washington and my coworker who was in the car with me that day is a descendant of Benjamin Harrison V who signed the Declaration of Independence. 

We asked someone what was the cause of the massive traffic backup, (assuming there was a huge crash) and they said:  "Oh haven't you heard the queen of England is in town."  

My coworker turned to me and said: "Damn, I thought our ancestors got rid of them back in 1776."  LOL

Didnt she just croak

I never heard that she visited the 2007 survivors. Good to know

The TB12 Method. The Only Way to Achieve a Lifetime of Sustained Peak Performance.

>queen of England

Did you mean the [Queen of the United Kingdom](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Queen_of_the_United_Kingdom), the [Queen of Canada](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monarchy_of_Canada), the [Queen of Australia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monarchy_of_Australia), etc?

The last Queen of England was [Queen Anne](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anne,_Queen_of_Great_Britain) who, with the 1707 Acts of Union, dissolved the title of King/Queen of England.

####FAQ

*Isn't she still also the Queen of England?*

This is only as correct as calling her the Queen of London or Queen of Hull; she is the Queen of the place that these places are in, but the title doesn't exist.

*Is this bot monarchist?*

No, just pedantic.

I am a bot and this action was performed automatically.

Yes. But this visit was in 2007.

LMAO

you tell 'em Q.O.E. bot!

Didn't want to pay tons of money for a panoramic print of Lane Stadium... So I took my own

HOLY MOLY. This pic was so high quality I could pick myself out from the north endzone

And it came out great, would you share full quality original?

2 or 3 pane panorama? Fish eye lens?

Lmao I can zoom in and see myself as a little orange blob in the student section. Fantastic photo man!

i can literally see myself in south endzone… crazy photo 🔥

Would really appreciate it if we stopped posting pictures of where I vomited every Saturday. Thanks.

Nice photo!

I sure wish we could win these games...we are 0-2 for stripped games.

When was this photo taken?

Great photo! What camera did you use? Is it the A7riii/iv? Would explain the high pixel count.

Did you flip the midfield logo?

Fantastic photo! Let us know if you’d be willing to share. I have 2 Hokie graduates that would love a copy!

[deleted]

Wish I could give you more than an upvote. I love that it's from the student side!

Seriously beautiful! I miss that place so much. Your photo puts me back at home.

Awesome picture. But I’m confused. Why are the people to the right the same as the people to the left?  Not a true picture?

Man this is awesome! Good work!

Yeah this is a pretty large photo lol, but what’s posted is pretty high quality already. You could zoom for days and not lose any quality!

This image as it's posted is ~75 megapixels, even if this isn't the original you don't need any bigger. This image can be printed at 53" wide at 300ppi.

3 photos stitched together!

Thank you so much!

Thanks I appreciate it!

Thank you!

It was taken this year at the Notre Dame game!

Haha you nailed it! It’s the A7r iv 😉

„¿oƃol plǝıɟpıɯ ǝɥʇ dılɟ noʎ pı◖„

I did! I didn’t like how it looked with it facing the other way, so I just did a quick photoshop job!

Feel free to just click on the photo and download! It’s a pretty high res photo that’s uploaded

I took the photo and then photoshopped the VT to flip it around lol, that’s it

Thank you! I know I feel like all the photos you see are from the other side, when I personally think this photo is much nicer!

I’m glad that my photo gives you those feelings, it truly makes me happy ❤️ I feel the same way looking at it, I can’t wait to get this thing framed and have it hanging on my wall

Shhh…. The original had a guys big hand and phone in the way and I hated the way it looked, so I used the clone tool in photoshop to get rid of it 😅 it is a true photograph though! Just manipulated a bit to look a little bit better in my opinion

Sorry, Reddit mobile just deciding I wasn’t worthy of seeing full quality

Right on! Great pano!

Great stuff! What lens?

Gorgeous photo, and thank you so much for your generosity in freely sharing your work.

„ʇı s,ʇɐɥʇ 'lol punoɹɐ ʇı dılɟ oʇ ⊥ᴧ ǝɥʇ pǝddoɥsoʇoɥd uǝɥʇ puɐ oʇoɥd ǝɥʇ ʞooʇ I„

Lol I was like I’m losing my mind there is one students head in picture 4 times lol

[deleted]

Thank you, bobthebuilder747, for voting on Upside_Down-Bot.

This bot wants to find the best and worst bots on Reddit. [You can view results here](https://botrank.pastimes.eu/).

***

^(Even if I don't reply to your comment, I'm still listening for votes. Check the webpage to see if your vote registered!)

The moment it all started!

I got stuck in this snow ball fight one time when I had to deliver my final term paper to a building across the drill field. I didn't even have it in a folder so I had to dodge snow balls and protect my paper with my life to get it in on time. I managed to make it across just fine! On my way back to my dorm I wasn't so lucky...

War. War never changes

Did anyone get the “Fuck UVA” chant on video?

Was this today?

What is going on? I'm sorry I'm ignorant on this lol, I don't come into VT until the fall session due to some classes I gotta finish up.

I never got a snowball fight in the 2.5 years I was there.

I'm glad this tradition remained

I left around 2. We had the cadets on the ropes, but they countercharged!

The moment the covid outbreak on campus started

Got a video myself of us all around the giant snowball chanting screw uva it was tons of fun.

Ah yes, very socially distanced.

I remember doing this when I was a student and the ROTC guys had guilli suits

Sneeze on the snowball and turn that bitch into biological warfare

Fabulous time, glad I could finally make it

Every single person who is there should be put on academic probation. A huge breach of COVID safety regulations and actively endangering the entire Blacksburg community. Shameful.

For all the people who keep saying "BuT pEoPlE wOrE mAsKs", in every single video I've seen tons of people who were wearing their face coverings improperly or not wearing one at all.

This was monumentally stupid and I can only hope that the only people who suffer for this are the ones who went, although I know that won't be the case.

More footage [here](https://imgur.com/a/PMrxviH)

I’m really glad there was still a snowball fight this year. It was a great time and from what I saw people did a pretty good job wearing their masks. Also, I don’t know who Batman was, but you were awesome dude.

2007 we stole an ROTC flag and drove it around in a 4 wheeler. Great fun.

Fucking epic

Jfc. At the height of the pandemic? I hope people were wearing masks at least

But...but...but... Covid....

was very fun

I am absolutely so disappointed in the community. There is a GLOBAL PANDEMIC. Yes sorry you have to give up some things to protect the lives of others.

Imagine being a teacher and seeing this video then having to go teach these folks in person and at the end of your day go home to your wife and kids.

Good god. The selfishness of some in this community is truly astounding.

UT prosim indeed fellas. What a joke.


Edit: The fact this is a controversial comment proves my point. If this is what the Tech community represents then I am ashamed to call myself a Hokie.

Man! I wish I could have been there

Biowarfare colorized

Love this because my friends who run a food pantry in the area there just got a massive outbreak of COVID that has decimated their core team and made it impossible for them to run for a couple of weeks. But it looks like you guys are having fun with your little snowball fight. Would be too horrible for you to make the sacrifice of not having it this year so maybe some people won't have to go hungry, or die! Oh well :)

Wish I was there instead of florida!!

That exchange of air could also happen at Kroger, the ATM, in a doorway with a rush between classes, in the dorm, the lunch table because no one knew of their exposure.....unfortunately we would have to never live, work, or go out at all to avoid it completely, and then of course- you'd never reach herd immunity.

[deleted]

Wow so this is why we’re still dealing with this pandemic. No clue how these guys made it into college in the first place doing something with utter disregard for human life

Let’s go Hokies!

It’s tradition, every year lol. There’s always some snowball fight. I never participated but it’s fun watching it on webcam.

Whether you know it or not, you were being filmed for your future biographical film

So sad I didn’t go

Yea, 1:00PM

Every year on the first substantial snow it's tradition for the cadets to have a snowball fight with the civilians

[deleted]

The past two years, we haven't really gotten a big enough snow in the spring semester.

Yessir!!

You’re not wrong, but, to be fair, it was outside and almost everybody was masked up and except for the front line were pretty far apart, at least where I was.

Hey, did you go out and protest last summer?

i don’t think i’ve ever seen a more distanced crowd of people !

I’ll own up to it, what I saw on the live feed looked very distanced with like a 100 folks or so on the drill field, this is dumb.

The fact that you are getting downvoted makes me happy I am virtual this semester.

Is there an estimated number of people that participated?

[deleted]

It's outdoors- no one is standing still for 5-15 minutes, even if they were briefly too close without a mask, and let's face it- these guys are low risk and easier to get a test if needed. Give it a rest, Darren.

[deleted]

[deleted]

[removed]

For all you numbnuts driving home in the next couple days, please review this image

But how am I supposed to police everyone's speed in the right lane?

I've seen people get pulled over for this twice and they were both glorious.

Left lane is for crime

Find a picture of an 18-wheeler going uphill in the left lane and we'll talk.

This is why you just drive at night, I leave BBurg (or NOVA for that matter) at like midnight and cruise at 70-85 mph all the way.

Haha yes, another driving post that wont affect anyone's driving

"No, I gotta go out and have fun at someone else's expense

I drive really slow in the ultra fast lane

While people behind me are going insane"

- Denis Leary

Don't be any of the people in the left lane, the rest are all following dangerously close.

Or maybe take the train/bus/carpool

But also please don’t be the tick tock who immediately whips into the right lane to pass, preventing said numb nut (or truck) from getting over.

i think this is impossible for people to comprehend

[removed]

r/IdiotsInCars

Half the people who are doing that really believe they are doing the whole world a big favor by slowing people down.  They are "Saving Gas" and "Keeping you safe".  I have really heard people saying that before.

90 or nothin bby

I assume they’re foreign or just stupid. Yield to the right is common knowledge here in the US whether it’s highways or escalators. When I drive I at least frequently check my mirrors in case someone is riding my tail.

The worst is when two semi trucks stay side by side for miles so nobody can pass them. Very common on I-81.

This shit is every. fucking. day. on 460, combined with the last minute jerk of the steering wheel to get off the Downtown exit from the left lane.

Some of you guys need to learn how to drive.

I think people need to realize that in many states it is literally illegal to drive in the left lane. It should be used for passing only. There would literally be no traffic if people just drove in the right lane

The left lane is for *passing* regardless of what speed you're going at. If a car or tractor trailer in front of me is doing less than my speed, I'm going to move into the left lane and pass them and I sure as hell am not speeding up because you want to be doing 80 in a 65. That's what happens to me the majority of the time when drivers get pissy about me being in the left lane. You can't tell anything about what speed the car in front is doing - they could be speeding themselves and passing slower traffic on the right, and they have every right to do that at whatever speed they're doing.

Or every single person behind them tailgating. Impatience is a really stupid reason to get in a car crash.

Relevant Family Guy: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RqPpAmiZSNo

Amen! GTFO unless you're passing

https://www.autoinsurance.org/keep-right-which-states-enforce-left-lane-passing-only/

True. But this doesn't give anyone license to cruise in the left lane just because they're going faster than the occasional person they pass in the right. Once you've passed whoever you need to pass, move back to the right.

Left lane isn't for cruising. That rule applies whether you're going slower than others in the left lane or faster than those in the right.

If everyone can stop doing this on Prices Fork that would be an amazing start!  Y'all make my northern city side wanna come out 🤣

We’re looking at you New Jersey.

No i will drive slow in the left lane. Tailgate me and ill go 25

Love the pic. That interstate down in Huntsville Alabama (with nearby Madison) everybody goes about 100 and those slow people cause accidents.

I guess nobody knew how to cut traffic 😂 I see ample space to get past this idiot.

Lots of travel between B'burg and Florida -- in addition to tailgaters the annoyance comes from drivers who micropass in the left lane (including and especially tractor trailers), stacking up traffic behind them. Once they move right, they speed up by several MPH and make it difficult to move back right because there isn't enough room or speed difference between them and the passed vehicle to create space.

POV: 81

Numbnuts is an insult I always appreciate.

I hate cars and drive as little as possible. But when I have to… 

:-)

My favorite is when I get into the left lane to pass, then all these people doing over 100 start stacking up behind me, tailgating, and trying to pass me in the right lane while I’m clearly passing (in this picture) that Chevy and the 18 wheeler. Left lane is for passing, not for traveling and being a dickhead, like all of these people tailgating are.

Funny to me that OP thinks he's in a position to offer instruction on lane discipline, when this post proves that he doesn't even understand it. You can't tell from the photo that the indicated vehicle is doing anything wrong. If the driver is *actively passing* in the left, in fact, they are using it correctly.

What's even funnier is that, based on the line spacing, this is clearly an exit where the left lane exits one way, and the right the other. Are you supposed to not use the left lane even if you're exiting that way?

If they are going the speed limit, what is the justification. Not that I disagree, just curious as to the legal reasoning.

Drop a gear and disappear

It's for ppl with ticket money 🤣

They’re a problem too, doesn’t make you any less of a fucking idiot if you drive slow in the left lane

if they're passing then they're passing and that's what the lane is for.  it sucks massively but they typically get back over when they can.  

it's far more rare to see a trucker oblivious to the rules of the road than some car just cruising with a line behind them.

Every time I've had that happen it's so they could pass another big rig or even another car in the right lane and they've merged back right.

this is the way for sure it makes 495 and 66 so much easier when it's like 3 am

Careful with that 85, anything above 80 in Virginia is considered  reckless and can land ya in jail if you are unlucky with the cop

Though at this time of year, you need to be careful about deer running across the road.  Use your highbeams as long as you can when driving at night.

I get home super fast when I drive at night it’s awesome. It sometimes gets ruined by late night construction but it happens

Fax i just left last night at midnight. Got to nova in 3hrs lol

But where would we be without without the wit and wisdom of these posters who, in their \~5 years experience behind the wheel, have demonstrated that they are the world's greatest drivers?

🎵 I'm an asshooooooooole! 🎵

These idiots are painfully unaware that they should be getting over usually

I give them about a mile then pass.

There are two separate laws:

1. Drive at or below the posted speed limit

2. When driving less than the normal speed of traffic, use the rightmost lane available for travel

These laws are independent of each other, meaning you can be violating neither, both, or one of the two.  Also, whether or not others are violating the law has absolutely no bearing on whether or not you're violating the law.

As soon as they've passed the people in the right lane they're supposed to get back over. Left lane is only for passing

Whoever yelled, “Fuck you, Asshole!” at the end of the first half. You’re my hero. I love you.

It was so crystal clear. Perfectly enunciated. It’s been a rough few weeks. Had a really good laugh.

[Video for your health.](https://www.reddit.com/r/VirginiaTech/comments/k7ktpt/vt_v_clemson_fk_you_ae/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share)

the last minute or so was not ideal clock management, but overall, pretty good first half

I hope Fuente heard her. You could’ve replaced Fuente with a Bruegger’s Bagel and achieved the same amount of coaching.

Virginia tech legend

I’m trying to upload the video. Dunno if the mods will allow.

[deleted]

Bless that saint! 🙏

That was Trevor Lawrence

I hope it was directed at Fuente. He completely deserved it. Had 3 timeouts and a minute to at least go for a field goal. Nope. Didn’t even try until 2 seconds left.

This is seriously the best moment of the 2020 Hokie Football Season

Describes what I want to say to Fuente every Saturday 😂😂

I caught it too with my friends and we all agreed it's be on old row soon enough

That was hilarious. Top notch heckling.

Had it been a bad call, it might have even made sense.

I see Hokie spirit and unity is a thing of the past. Pathetic behavior from everyone involved. "Yeah this guy is a piece of shit because he didn't coach the sports game the way I wanted." Grow up.

I heard it !  Couldn’t believe a big deal wasn’t made about it!

Video with death yell included...

https://imgur.com/gallery/gIg8WeG

Thank you so much for that!

I’m thrilled. It was fun to watch. I love football!!!!!!

Brueggers did nothing to deserve that comparison

We should get a new coach every two years like Tennessee so that we’re good like them.

Hokie hero?

Why not both?

Nobody is attacking Fuente's character...  We don't think he's a piece of shit, we think he's a coach of shit.  Virginia Tech pays him $4 Million per year, it's reasonable criticism.

Time for you to step down as "moderator"

Lighten up...The only reason he's even in Blacksburg is to coach that "sports game," and he gets paid millions to do it.  I'm not gonna feel bad for him if he's failing at his job and fans complain and call for his firing.

A hug! My first! Thank you!

You know what, that’s fair. I think those bagels  would probably manage a clock better. And also they’d give more energy to our players.

Hol up...

We should just get a new coach when one doesn’t work after 5 seasons and abysmal recruiting.

Ut prosim? Ut rektem.

Why would they say it to the ref? I was halfassedly watching the game at buffalo’s and I just saw our guy almost make it but fail

I'm not a moderator?

I took my friend to Owens for his birthday.

This is so wholesome

hey i saw this while i was working today! i was very curious as to what this was lol

Got a flashback to 1983.  Looks the same!  I can taste the roast rabbit, boiled okra, green jello and grape cool aide.

Need a gallon of chipotle ranch from the burrito place. It’s been years

Do they still have Scrod?

my heart is warm

Tso's I assume? Great taste.

Dawww ♥️

This is adorable.

Awesome. That is all

steep political wide ring childlike exultant dime bag fuel run

 *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev/home)*

This has been the single most adorable thing I've seen on campus, maybe in history.

Wow! Who’s that handsome devil in the White outfit? 🥰

Looks like you need to take him to McComas instead

We had a nice time :)

Oh nice! I wanted to do something for his birthday and we figured this hadn't been done before so we picked up a tablecloth and a fake candle from Walmart and made it a date.

Oh man, that sounds good! We got General Tso's chicken this time.

Oh man those quesadillas were good. Chicken, pico, corn, with the chipotle ranch was the shit.

Oooh, go for it!

They do not, I'm pretty sure they renovated Owens recently but I'm not sure.

You are absolutely correct! It's my go to for sure.

It made us feel cute.

No u.

Oh hey!

No you are 💕

damn yall are giving me cravings i can't fulfill

Come visit us.

My fiancée's grandmother is turning 100 today. Here is a picture of her tailgating in the early 80s. Season ticket holder since 1952 !

This is awesome!!!

Look at all those big beautiful trees around Lane

That’s amazing!!  Happy Birthday Grandma!

Guy in the hat looks Hokie to the bone.❤️

Very possible I was at that game and in that very parking lot.  I remember the pine trees in the south end zone and gravel parking lots.  Good times running around those trees as a kid...  Happy Birthday Grandma! Go Hokies!

Goals right there

r/oldschoolcool

Interesting how it was mostly cars back then and now you mostly see trucks.

So many more years of holding season tickets before getting even close to that.

Is that from where the baseball field is now?

Wow. Thats awesome.

That table almost looked like it was floating

Yeeaaah. To be fair i bet capacity was half what it is today back then. Tradeoffs.

Nope, it's Lane right after they expand the east stand I believe. North and South end zones aren't built yet.

It's a foldable table! Supported by the seats.

To me it feels slightly too far west in relation to the stands to be in the modern south lot

Like on the other side of Beamer Way in the modern Lot 4

You are right, just realized how far back that is. The road that cut across it probably wasn't even there than.

Absolute cinema

What a game. Coach Montgomery getting emotional at the end was the cherry on top

Philip Montgomery now has more wins in one-score games than Brent Pry did.

Great game   I was apoplectic when the refs called that roughing the QB on us late in the 4th quarter.  Didn’t think we would be able to overcome that call

We were in the stands wondering what we missed for the flag to get thrown. Still wondering 😂

He’s absolutely earned it. Pry would have never ran those field goal attempts. 

The sideline looked absolutely energized. 

I’m happy he’s with us rn.

Refs calling a penalty on the cleanest sack you've ever seen while the QB never even tried to throw the ball was just criminal. I guess the defense is just supposed to politely ask the QB to get down on the ground?

On GameDay the next morning, Desmond Howard said, "Virginia Tech beat Cal and the officials."

I yelled, "it's not flag football!!"

Made a 3D map of the Blacksburg area!

Merry Christmas!

Map made using an old USGS map and height data from the USGS 3DEP package. I basically got a height map using QGIS, and then combined the two in Blender.

*EDIT*: If you'd like to use the data I used or play with the Blender / QGIS projects, you can find them [here](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1Q4hmOEQ5adASw1wqvVdTPBUh-apU78vL?usp=sharing).

Yo this is slick. Basemap from Stewart’s class?

Very cool!

Oh wow the highway isn't even on there.

r/nextfuckinglevel

Do you have an STL? Would love to print this

r/mapporn

A few interesting things here: the hospital isn't there (built in 71, TIL!), Christiansburg Institute is included here which is awesome considering how much Christiansburg has tried to get rid of that history.

Just barely got Brush mtn on there haha looks awesome!

Would you mind sharing that height map?

What is the material? How did you make it 3d?

Thanks! I haven't taken Stewart's class (I'm a CpE, but I just think maps are really cool). My basemap is taken from [here](https://ngmdb.usgs.gov/topoview/viewer/#11/37.1387/-80.4776).

That map is pretty old. Lane is there but Pritchard isn't - that puts it in the 60s at some point, I think?

If you generate an STL, can you reply here or share it to this reddit? Making one is beyond my skills but I'd love to print a copy if you do it.

Unfortunately, I don't. I can try to work on one, though. I did this by applying a height map to a mesh in Blender, so I never had to work with an STL directly.

*EDIT:* If you want to give it a go, I have placed a link in my top-level comment to an archive with all the files I used.

[Sure!](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1UtLaWGOeeYYqwfl18byb_zH_hpGApuoW/view?usp=sharing) I don't think it's georeferenced since it's a .png, but I got the height data from [here](https://viewer.nationalmap.gov/basic/#/). You can open the result in QGIS (a free GIS program) and make a similar one for whatever area you like.

*EDIT:* All my files are at the link posted in the top-level comment.

In Blender, I just made a plane with the map texture and then applied a height map texture as the displacement to generate the 3D hills and valleys. You can see it in the .blend file in the archive I linked in my top level comment.

I’m impressed. The USGS topo viewer is a great resource! And not many people know about the potential of topographic visualization through modeling programs like blender.

Well I was gonna (jokingly) complain that  you decided to cut my house juuuuust off the left edge, but evidently I need to lodge my complaint with the government instead.

If you look on the bottom right, I believe the map is from 1965.

Awesome, thank you!! Merry Christmas!

Bhayshul Tuten runs the 40-yard dash in 4.32 seconds, the fastest time of any running back at the NFL Combine 0.06 seconds faster than the next closest competition. Also leads all RBs in the vertical jump with 40.5. Wildly impressive showing.

Can’t edit the post but I’d also like to add: this is the fourth fastest 40-yard dash time by a running-back ever. 

- 1 - Chris Johnson (4.24)

- 2 - Dri Archer (4.26)

- 3 - Keith Marshall (4.31)

- T4 - Bhayshul Tuten & De’Von Achane (4.32)

https://www.on3.com/pro/news/fastest-40-yard-dash-times-nfl-combine-history-top-10-running-backs/

https://preview.redd.it/6liyjmyti5me1.png?width=1100&format=png&auto=webp&s=89f6ba1646426a7538a451f3a3e27ee065ec20da

Rootin' for Tuten!!

Commanders taking notice

Dont care what team he goes to I will be getting his jersey

Oddly, David Spade had just joined Rich Eisen when Tuten was running-

[Here's the video](https://www.tiktok.com/@nflonfox/video/7476917964692819242?is_from_webapp=1&sender_device=pc)

EDIT- Listen for the HOKIE chant at the end!

. 4th fastest RB time ever.

The stats I saw had him fist in 10yd, 40yd, vertical leap. And second in broad jump.

Edited to remove erroneous stat

Low key wonder if he could find his way to Seattle 👀

Beast

Jaylin Lane balled out too

Even though we're fairly set at RB, I wouldn't mind seeing him in Green Bay...

Would love to see him to the panthers in the 4th or 5th

On the TuteTrain this fantasy season

WOW!

Ironically I’m afraid this performance is going to make some other team take him before the Commanders can with their 5th 😔

edit: nevermind, Commies just traded their 5th for Deebo Samuel

One of my favorite running backs that I can remember. I was glad they let him break the single game rushing record

where your jag jersey at?

Chris Johnson ran a 4.24 in 08

Achane also ran a 4.32 just a couple years ago.

For real that man was lightning

lol Tech isn’t set at any position, the program will never be competitive at a high level again

Speed for RBs can be overrated, but this definitely puts him on teams' radars.

The team is looking to trade Allen though, might be able to move one of later picks up to the 4th

Yeah. Bad source

I was talking about the Packers (my NFL team) being set at RB, but me wanting them to draft Tuten anyway.

check my edit on that comment holy shit lmao, i’m in shock rn

Still crazy fast and incredible!

Ohhhhhhh. My bad

WE GOT DEEBOOOOOO

Insert title here

This is like the second false report of Otter Sandman’s death in the past week, people need to relax.

If otter dies, how will tech continue make shitty covid analogies involving him?

There's more than one otter

I found a dead otter in the pond last semester, otter sandman is the family of otters in the pond. At least 1 of them dies every year

Doesn’t mean we can’t mourn

Not surprising since they are the apex predator and the "pond" is a biohazard.

James Franklin announced as new leader of Virginia Tech Football

Ah so that’s why everyone was seeing him everywhere around campus and Blacksburg

I fell on my knees at Kroger, reading this

I just want 8-10 wins and a win over UVA every year. I think he could get us that!

James Franklin might not win National Championships at Virginia Tech, but he can still win the ACC and make the CFP a handful of times. Good recruiter as well. We just gotta hope he succeeds.

He can't win the big games, but at least maybe he can get us to the big games.

https://preview.redd.it/rvqmvqduww1g1.jpeg?width=1179&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=26ef35df657ad2aae31279fe9bd91c826dba5c7f

I can’t believe we got this lucky - absolutely slam dunk hire!

Congratulations to you guys. I think this is exactly what you guys need. He may not bring you to the top of college football but I have no doubt you’ll be fighting for the top of the conference for years to come. I always enjoyed watching you guys under Frank Beamer.

We did it!

As a Penn State fan, this is great for you guys and him. He deserves a fresh start where he can be appreciated and get out from under the expectations he created.  

His recruiting is top notch even if he struggles to develop players.  I really think the “losing the big game” narrative is more about that than his game management.   He just never really developed a qb to put us over the top.   With that said, the recruiting alone should make y’all a top 25 team in no time.  I have my doubts Penn state gets there any quicker than VT now.

LFG!!!

He’s exactly what we needed! He will get the program back to where it is competitive. Especially recruiting. He already was the best recruiter in the tidewater area when he was at penn. bring back the 757 boys to tech!

I think it will be a flop. The second NIL happened, his seat got hot. We need to get a coach that KNOWS how NIL works. I hope he proves me wrong though

It's about time we got a new coach.

Penn State fan here.  Grew up in VA and VT would have been my alma mater had I not moved to PA back in 2000.

Really excited for you guys.  Sure the breakup between PSU and Franklin was unfortunate, but history will reflect kindly on his time at Penn State.

Give him a year or two to get his guys in the building, and I have no doubt VT is going to return to the elites of the ACC and become an annual CFP contender.

Hate this hire but I hope he gives us 2-3 good years before we have to buy him out.  PSU boosters are celebrating tonight.  This seems ok on the surface but I would have rather gone in the opposite direction and hire a younger guy with more long term potential instead of someone who just got paid $50M to go away.  Bought out coaches almost never do anything as a HC again.

every single report must be true then.

GO HOKIES!

And here I thought he was just preparing for his post coaching life as a VT townie

Imagine running into him at Walmart before the hire 😂

Which Kroger though?

Lmao Bernie from Weekend at Bernie's could lead Tech to an annual UVA beat down.

At this point it is all about salvaging Virginia Tech as a brand in college football. Especially in case the ACC collapses and VT is hoping to get into either the Big Ten or SEC.

I'm a Penn State lifer, and though I do think it was time for Franklin to move on, I also think you guys are going to really appreciate him. He's a proven program builder, despite never getting over the hump in big games. He's a hell of a recruiter and convinced the board of trustees to throw WAY more money at the football program than they ever did before. I'm excited for the future of Hokie football.

James Franklin couldn't wouldn't even be able to beat the current UVA team.

I would love to complain about not winning the big games.

He'll win the small games and to be honest that's been kinda a struggle

As a parent of 2 kids who went to Penn state I’m not very happy lol

Beamer couldn’t win big games either

He should hire former LSU offensive coordinator Joe Sloan who just got fired along with Brian Kelley.  Sloan is from Virginia.

I’d rather hire a proven coach to get the program back on track. Then if he does well and stays great, if he moves on to a bigger name school hopefully we’ll be in a good spot for a younger coach to work with. Our last two hires backfired so we can’t afford a 3rd failure.

I’m neither celebrating nor being negative. all we can do is wait and see how he does!

Damn, can’t believe he spit on that baby :/

[deleted]

Not counting that chicken this year until it happens. I have little reason to believe this team has any chance at all against an actually good uva team

I agree, Virginia Tech needed a fresh new start, and James Franklin is the guy for the job.

Which is something he's good at too - look at Vanderbilt’s record before they hired him. Also for turning Penn State football around in the wake of the scandal.

This is exactly the point I keep making to anybody with reservations about Franklin. 

Now is not the time to gamble on an unproven G5 coach hoping he can be the next Urban Meyer.  Because most of the time those guys fail. Now is the time to sign the most sure thing you can because winning 10 games and consistently in the playoff hunt means we won’t get left behind when the ACC dissolves. Now is the time to build our resume to get picked up by the SEC or Big Ten.

ACC is still good at basketball…I wonder why it would collapse?

Like, just fucking beat down ODU for the love of god

As an alum of both schools I’m ecstatic

I was thinking the same thing a few weeks ago before I started looking for examples of these type of situations works.  A HC fired from a power 5 school almost never succeeds as a HC in college again.  I looked at the top 5 biggest buyouts before this season and no one has ever done anything again.  Scott Frost has a chance but the rest are basically done has HCs.  I’m sure I’ve missed someone when I was looking at the past 20 years but the vast majority never make it as a HC again.

That's not entirely fair, Jalen Ramsey is a hardly a baby

*ghetto

We didn't have any business winning a couple years ago when we went to Charlottesville with an interim head coach, yet we still came away with the win. UVA might just have a mental block where no matter what they fall to our level.

Are we keeping pry under him? Or nah

Basketball doesn’t matter for media deals. The Big East is great at basketball and none of those schools matter. The only event that networks care about in college basketball is march madness, and they don’t pay individual conferences for those rights.

The TV deal and revenue sharing have been a source of contention for schools like FSU and Clemson. That being paired with reports of UNC’s willingness to leave if given an invite to either the SEC or Big Ten, which could see other schools like UVA and GT leave with it. The ACC is hardly a pillar of stability. Football is the only college sport that turns a profit for the power conference schools. Being good at basketball will not save the conference or its status as a top conference. Just look at how being a top basketball conference helped the Big East.

Most HC are fired for being bad. Franklin was fired for one rough (.500) start after 10 years of being one of the best teams in the Big 10.

I think Penn State overreacted personally. He didn't get them to the CFP semis by being a bad coach. They were a last second field goal away from playing for the National Championship just last year.

Would be hilarious.

No chance

Video from McBrdye 100

Some people steal Hokie stone, but this is your chance to keep a piece of McBryde 100

Damn she almost got her tuition paid

Sound version pls?

Glad no one was hurt!

I would have sprawled out on the floor and played dead

[deleted]

Ay ee ay ee ay, everybody hates Mcbryde.

A ceiling tile just fell from the freaking sky.

Hey, a large piece of the ceiling just fell down, let me go and stand directly under that spot!

But the important question: Did the professor cancel the class?

Nothing but the best Clark.

I could’ve easily survived that

Something clearly was being done above it, you can see what appears to be an impact or flash at the point of when it came thru the upper tile. If not anyone above working then it just broke loose a good amount of feet over that lower ceiling to break thru that lower area. Sometimes things just happen and break.

They should have spent $3 million...  


https://vtx.vt.edu/articles/2015/04/041615-vpa-mcbryderenovation.html

I was 2 rows back from the board and it landed in a girls lap on top of her computer crushing it into 2.

She fumbled the bag so fucking hard

Aye prof Trost! Ofc this was in econ lmao.

Damn, maybe one of the best comment I’ve ever read.

Well she getting a new laptop for sure. I'd be arguing for a complete replacement and some physical and emotional damages

Bang crash bang bang pop

 "what the hell"

[Here](https://video.vt.edu/media/ECON+2005+Trost+11A15/1_0auvmygh?st=300)

Starts around the one minute mark

For real that thing could have done some serious damage to a skull. Even a minor TBI is not something to take lightly.

gotta pay tuition somehow

My neck.  My back.  My neck and my back!  I can't get up.

I don't think I've seen a campus building that has wood framing. Everything I've seen is steel and concrete.

It looks like it was a decorative ceiling panel

Architect here. That most likely wasn’t framing, buildings of this size are built with steel and metal studs. Also drywall isn’t strong, it won’t catch a falling object. It could’ve been blocking- basically a block of wood tied to the structure that can be used to hang something from. Or more likely a decorative panel.

If the structure is failing there would be signs that you would look for elsewhere (floors being uneven, walls sagging).

That all being said what happened was that piece of wood probably wasn’t installed correctly to begin with.

I mean, that's the one spot where there is no plank that could fall

He didn’t 😭

Proud of you

Built different 😈💯

Was in the classroom at the time, can confirm that’s what it sounded like

Well, but statistically speaking the next one to fall is probably going to be really close to that.

Just a normal day in VT Library

Stonks

I could not understand this instructor's accent.

[Link: Moose, Therapy dog](https://vtnews.vt.edu/articles/2019/03/unirel_moose.html)

EDIT: looks like [Growley II](https://www.vtcc.vt.edu/about/growley.html)

moose is helping them study

Aw I love moose. Last year I scheduled an appointment with his owner specifically so I could get to hang out with Moose too.

Is that Oliver?

He's a tough grader, but you can get an extension on any assignment if you bring him bacon.

r/dogswithjobs

Being able to secure a booth for a team rather than an individual passed out in a sweatshirt? Doesn't seem like vt library to me.

Dude is just scribbling lines on the notepad lmao

"i wish i could do vr lik my hooman" - on the screen 

This is quality research. James, get this team funding immediately.

Where is Growley located? I will like to see him .

Moose, as per VT Library facebook page.

there are more photos of VT library facebook page where Moose is trying out the VR device

I thought Ghetto Kroger was bad 😭😭

Ghetto Kroger is not that bad. It is less sketchy than the Food Lion up there. It is just not as nice as the Gucci one.

Sorry, old alum here. So is ghetto Kroger the one at Gables and Gucci Kroger the one at University Mall?

I'm 90% sure when I was in Atlanta this past spring I went to this new one and it had a little creepy vibe in the parking lot but was pretty nice inside

I lived two blocks away from Murder Kroger right before I moved to Blacksburg for grad school.

“I thought Ghetto Kroger was bad”….
I know it’s a joke. But Ghetto Kroger is only referred to that cause it’s old and ugly inside and out. Nothing else about it is even comparable.

I can say I've lived near both. Yay?

Grew up in Atlanta. They tore this Kroger down and rebuilt it. Still, it's referred to as Murder Kroger.

Fun fact - Kroger desperately wants to expand the UCB Kroger, but can't. They even offered to buy the postal service a big parcel on the other side of 460 and buy the current post office site, but no dice.

As a Hokie and Atlantian, Murder Kroger is a wild place. Much worse than ghetto Kroger!

We have a murder Kroger in RVA!

Hey that’s a mile from my apartment!

lol anyone calling anything in Blacksburg ghetto hasn’t been somewhere ghetto. It’s only called ghetto because the other one is called gucci, it’s not bc it’s sketchy at all 😂 there’s nothing sketchy in Blacksburg

[deleted]

yeah we also have that one Kroger that two women robbed and appeared on America’s Moat Wanted

There’s also a Murder Publix not too far away from Murder Kroger. No joke.

See also Disco Kroger that used to be in Atlanta 

opened in 1976 as one of the first 24-hour Krogers in town. In 1980, it got a new neighbor in the glitzy Limelight discotheque. Coked-up revelers wearing polyester shirts and bell bottoms could often be seen stumbling through the grocery aisles after hours, giving birth to the sobriquet “Disco Kroger”—a name that stuck.

Y’all better stop maligning my boy “good boy” Kroger with this unjustifiable hatred

I used to love that Kroger! Now it’s all “fancy”…

Not sure what it is with Atlanta and Krogers. We've got the murder kroger and the disco kroger.  Even through the buildings have been demolished,  the name remains

Can confirm murder Kroger is by far worse than ghetto Kroger as someone who moved to Atlanta after graduation 😂

wait till u hear about the race trac gas station at downtown atlanta gsu campus

Not to be confused with Disco Kroger (also in Atlanta)

Very interesting ... I graduated in 1979 and lived in a townhouse development called Sturbridge Square  I think, and we walked across a vacant lot at all times and in all weather to the 24 hr Kroger (I think this Gucci Kroger) and bought things like Old Milwaukee for $2.99 a 12-pack!  Now in an Atlanta suburb, have Kroger and Publix nearby, but shop at Aldi's (much better prices).

Yeah UCB kroger is ~fine -- it's the food lions that are wack

Ghetto Kroger has a better meat selection than Gucci Kroger. Everything else.... maybe not.

I went to VCU and my sister went to Tech. I found it so hilarious that y’all have a Ghetto Kroger too. Our ghetto Kroger really earned its name. Yalls is a paradise in comparison.

Don’t hate on our food lion! Affordable af

Ghetto Kroger is the one at university mall

They built a new one over near the First and Main complex is. Across from what  I believe was a hardees now it is a cookout

It’s on the Beltline walking path right across from Ponce City market. It’s actually pretty popular today. It has an outdoor patio/bar with TVs and drinks much cheaper than a normal bar.

did you get murdered

wow stay safe 🥺🥺🥺

Hey now, we call it the Lombardy Kroger in polite conversation.

It’s gone now too, a Publix has risen in its place

They're all fine. The only difference between the different stores is the proportion of students: locals. 


The more students, the more people buying beer after ten. That's it.

My friends and I call those Food Lions the “Shitty Kitty”

I’m from Richmond and have been going to that Kroger my whole life. When I saw the “ghetto” Kroger at VT I was like this is nice what are they talking about. They don’t even have an armed security guard 😂

Out here in Christiansburg we have the Jim Kroger.

If that's the "ghetto kroger", yall better not ever go to roanoke. Valley View Walmart might cause you to have a seizure

Isn’t this the one by the math emporium that like 90% of students would go to?

The implied chronology of this comment is wild lol


The Kroger you described is the Gables Kroger (in the Gables Shopping Center), but this predates the existence of First & Main by a lot a lot

Oh what, THAT is murder Kroger? Been there a lot and it always felt like a pretty nice one.

Well, I did say I moved to Blacksburg, so…

Hahahaha fair

Even the Food Lions are nice imo. The food lions where I’m from are more like “foo lyin”

At least from 2004-2016 stretching from when my siblings and i were in Blacksburg, the hethwood food lion was notorious for having spoiled produce and expired dairy still out on the shelves 🤷‍♂️

There’s nothing wrong with the UCB Kroger, but Gucci Kroger has beer on tap in the store and is at least 150% bigger

That's correct. It's a fine store, just not as fancy as Gucci Kroger.

Also math emporium is gone.

I couldn't  remember  the name of the area , they were working developing the first and Main when I graduated so that is still fresh to my mind. I mentioned  the hardees  cause I think it was build there in the late 80's which based on the user name might be a touchstone for them.

It's nice now. But 5 years ago it was literally the dirtiest, most uncared for grocery store you can imagine. Multiple dead bodies were found in the parking lot over the years hence its name. Now it's gentrified to all hell.

Gonna post this in advance

Why does he have an Ohio flag on his shoulder?

https://www.reddit.com/r/VirginiaTech/comments/hqn3jg/how_do_i_still_have_8ams/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share

I want my shit to be online so I don't have to purchase a parking pass

relevant [https://www.reddit.com/r/VirginiaTech/comments/hxztz2/good\_job\_guys/](https://www.reddit.com/r/VirginiaTech/comments/hxztz2/good_job_guys/)

not funny

It’s all Ohio

https://knowyourmeme.com/memes/ohio-vs-the-world

**Wait?!? It's all Ohio?!? Always has been!!!**

*I did my undergrad at Kent St. in Ohio, can confirm authenticity of meme.*

Shoot that's already a thing rip I'm sorry

I want my shit to be online so I don’t get COVID 19

My undergrad was VT and my twins undergrad was Kent! Hope you liked it there as much as she did!

Np

Also don't wanna be sent home with covid to give to my whole family. We also don't know if there are health issues that could pop up later in life due to covid  ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯

Before the dark times: Thursday Hype Edition

I miss lane

The best is at the end of the second quarter when the band is filtering down onto the field when you get groups of rowdy bois singing the band part to lead those around them in the H O K I E S HOKIES part

Just know that the band is still playing this every first down :) we miss the fans and the student section

Nice

This is kinda meh

Why did they make you guys play in the baseball stadium? Surely there was enough room in the student section to social distance the band...

Sometimes your biggest fans are your harshest critics :)

It's less about social distancing and more about state regulations. Virginia has a 1000-person max on events, which is tough when there are almost 400 band members.

I'm not sure exactly. But I think less people in the football stadium definitely at least helps focus on keeping everyone there safer. Plus big groups trying to squeeze in and out of th smaller entrances isn't great. We're all hoping to be allowed back in the stadium soon though :)

Ahhh that makes sense now

Basically VT rn

Those that don't embody Ut Prosim will be fed to Sands

[deleted]

What does that even mean I feel clueless

Hes begging or else he and his butt buddy sands are gonna have to take a pay cut

Hilarious and original

Snarky. Sort of funny. It really shows a bit of the entitlement and "me"-ness of this generation IMHO. Remember some kids DO NOT have the privilege of going back or going at all. But feel free to make fun all you want AS LONG AS you wear a mask, distance, and are hygienic.

Their money will be fed to sands

What is that

[deleted]

Don't go partying

The only one who seems entitled here is you with your assertive attitude about other’s action’s. 

Sincerely,
Someone on your side

Inventing the future.

A VT classroom packed well over capacity yesterday.

Don't smoke weed or have pre-marital sex as well as these can spread Covid.

You proved my point,. The whine, praise me, I am triggered generation.

Love -gen x who is paying the bill.

So far the only instance we've seen, and reports from students are saying that the professor was being an idiot.

Actually, CDC recommends use of glory holes to maintain social distancing.

Relax, Falwell.

Second the no sex before marriage

Ah yes. Gen X.

You mean the ones who had everything handed to them by the Greatest/Boomers and lived off the money of their fathers. 

The ones who feel as though somehow, the world OWES them something, because they actually had to start struggling a bit once their old man’s/old lady’s money dried up.

You wanna insult me based on what you think my generation is and it’s respective stereotypes, go ahead. Two can play that game, kid.

And who’s the one who started whining? Who’s the one asking for praise for “paying the bill?” Who’s the one all triggered about this?

All I did was call you out on your shit.

Don’t share your opinion if you’re not prepared to defend it without being a child.

Anyways, done being petty for now. But don’t call people entitled in such an entitled tone. The hypocrisy is a bad look for someone of your... stately age.

Psst: as a fellow GenXer, we're supposed to sit here and just say "meh" when they get like this. Never forget our motto: "Whatever."

Just stay quiet and safe, we'll figure out what's going on later like we always have.

Sincerely,  
Someone who remembers the election of Jimmy Carter

LMAO

Watch it :)

Wait is pre marital sex high? I’m out of the loop lol pls help

Don't forget, they were able to pay off a year of College by working a bartender/waitress summer job.

We lived and prospered thru 3 recessions skippy. Get over it and grow up.

No thanks, Falwell.

Welcome to the club friend, snacks are at the entrance

#This.

Even adjusted for inflation, our generation is working more, earning less, and having to spend more of that hard-earned money than the previous generations for the exact same items.

Also, when I saw your username, I didn’t pay too much attention and thought the subreddit itself was replying to my comment. It was a trip

Everyone goes through economic downturn in their lives, you aren’t special. Get over it and grow up.

\*poolboi has entered the chat\*

Pry relieved effective immediately. Philip Montgomery to serve in interim

My question is why Babcock, the man who brought us Fuentes and Pry, still around and why is he part of the next Head Coach search?

Anyone know any realtors in Blacksburg? Asking for a friend.

Sincerely, W. Babcock

I think this is the right choice, but I do respect his press conference yesterday. Anyone who can have accountability like that, is someone with great character. I wish him the best and hope he can learn from these mistakes and get another chance, just not with VT.

Nice, lets get to work

I liked Pry a whole lot better than Fuente. Seemed like a more humble, all around better dude who actually wanted to be there. But yeah the performance just isn’t there. I was happy when Fuente got fired, now I’m just wary of the next guy.

Wish JC could have been interim coach again he did well in 2021 and the guys liked him

Funny, Pry is relieved immediately but I’m not relieved and remain skeptical.

Bye, bye, Pry!

Seemed like a great guy but couldn’t win and recruits only stayed 1 year   Might just be we can’t pay players enough…are there even car dealerships in Blacksburg these days?

Doesn’t look like Whitt Babcock is going anywhere, which is a huge bummer.

So the current players now have a 30 day immediate eligibility transfer with no penalty and can still be considered for a redshirt year. Or can play immediately. If they waited one more week they have 4 games in and lose redshirt. So essentially there may be a jailbreak departure of half the team.

Interim choice makes sense, Montgomery is a former HC at Tulsa.

GO HOKIES!

What is it like from a players perspective to have your coach fired because YOU lost a game?  That must be tough to take.

So happy, Blacksburg deserves better!

https://preview.redd.it/1mm7zjtb37pf1.jpeg?width=720&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=919b1e71a617bcc62e5243665e11fd9bbacb92c4

[deleted]

Wonder what Bruce Arians is up to these days...

VT, where did all the money go?

This should the most upvoted post in VT subreddit history

If you dig deep enough, you can usually find the root cause of the problem.  Whit Babcock hired Justin Fuente and Brent Pry.  All 3 just mentioned are losers.  Babcock reports to the Board of Visitors.  All but one board member was appointed by Glen Youngkin.  So, the VT athletic programs are governed by an all star cast of losers.

They should hire Marcus Vick

official statement reads like he’s out as soon as the BoV has a plan

https://preview.redd.it/wknt6psoj6pf1.jpeg?width=1170&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=e0918b47443934bf5c687ba35bd53acaea6f3b2d

It doesn’t sound based on reliable sources he is going anywhere. BUT, at least he isn’t head of the search. But why should your athletic director be athletic director if he can’t be trusted to make decisions?

Also want Babcock out but gonna play devil’s advocate here.

The consensus was that Brent Pry at the time in 2021 felt like a great hire. He came from a strong team (Penn State) and was successful there.

How much of it is actually on Babcock if Pry didn’t meet anyone’s standards?

Whoever next FB coach is CANNOT buy Fuente/Pry’s home. It’s clearly built on some land with bad juju. Needs to be condemned.

Another reason the problem lies with his being hired in the first place. He was not ready to be an HC even though he checked most of the boxes with other credentials.

If ha has true character he will donate half his buy-out to the program’s NIL fund.

I’m wondering how things were behind the scenes in the locker room.

thought the same but might be easier to cut ties with a complete regime change with a new staff if he's not interim.

Montgomery does have previous HC experience.

thats the thing - the firing isnt as much a solution as it is a reformulation of the problem.

Time to act efficiently, quickly, and diligently.

GO HOKIES!

That one might take some patience. They won't announce both at the same time.

School president doesn’t usually make a statement on the football coach, the AD does…the fact that whit wasn’t the one to make this announcement speaks volumes imo

the official statement reads like he is, tbh

The statement is by sands not babblecocks so maybe there is hope

That guy needs to go. Dude has trashed the basketball and football programs.

If he picks another coach like Pry that could put VT in an unrecoverable tailspin.

I don't think they have anyone to fill in as Interim AD. I imagine the BOV will start a silent search tho.

Dominos fall one at a time.

Firing Whit needs to happen after football season. Need an AD in to conduct the search before the CFB playoffs start. Tech cannot have Whit hire his third football coach. Most AD's get two, then they're out. Its time to search for a new AD.

Did they say that?

I wouldn’t be so sure. It’s very telling that the AD didn’t announce the firing of the HC

Not one game or even three - this is a move based on a fair assessment of Pry's entire tenure - most of these players were in HS when he was hired. 

GO HOKIES!

The jury is still out on the quality overall of the players this year.    But, last year we had a great squad that could have won 9-10 games with our soft schedule.     Look at all the players that are now in the NFL/SEC from that squad.    So much talent.  

Pry was allowed to hire rookie coordinators that never panned out and Whit let him.   Clock mgmt issues, penalties, poor game mgmt, lousy play calling.   None of these have gotten better in 4 years. 

They both need to go.

At a certain point the players are executing a game plan/plays that the coaching staff picks, and the game plans we've seen in the last 4 years are Second Pacific Fleet at the Battle of Tsushima bad.

So onboard with this possibility.

It’s a combo of what you mentioned really plus much more.

Pry was weak to recruit in Virginia and missed out on lots of good athletes due to those poor tactics. He made no changes to the bad play calling that Fuente utilized during his time and didn’t improve anything about the team. The players are not playing well, but if they’re following what their coaches tell them to do, that’s not on them. They can only work with what they’re given. There are players that are bad. Drones has proven he’s not fit as a starting quarterback, but Pry’s resistance to benching him is another reason he has to go. A coach, like any good leader, is responsible for those that fall under him. If they’re underperforming, it’s an indictment on his skills as a coach. Going 0-3 in the opening trio of games is something not even Fuente did. We haven’t seen that since 1987.

All in all, Pry was a stale addition to the program, and in his inability to make any improvement, actively made the team worse.

I’m glad somebody asked, I was gonna make a post but it probably would’ve gotten me chewed alive 😆

Hope springs eternal... Can't happen quick enough.

Yeah it feels like this presentation they’ll have by the end of the month is a way to see if Whit is willing to make drastic changes and if not maybe they move on from him. You figure firing an AD is a little more of a process than the HC so this might be part of it

They should have a plan by now, I’m sure they saw this as a big possibility all off season.

I rescued the flip-flop from California

Well done fellow Hokie…If ya ever get tired of it I’ll take it off your hands…

The real question is does it float?

What’s the background on this massive VT flip flop?

Wouldn't it be cool to live in the same house as this flip-flop?! While you're here you might as well check out my listing: https://offcampus.vt.edu/housing/property/need-one-roommate-for-an-awesome-farmhouse-2-miles-outside-blacksburg/ocpmrddr3k

The Hokie Chancla.

It belongs to the greenhouse board shop

Should go kayaking what that thing honestly!

Mail it to TOTS!!!

Uhhhh, the flip-flop from the previous post is a RIGHT shoe. This one's a left. THERE'S ANOTHER FLOP

or feet

https://www.reddit.com/r/VirginiaTech/comments/va3qpr/which\_one\_of\_yall\_left\_this\_in\_california/

I just wanna know where I can buy a pair of VT branded rainbow sandals.

It'd be even cooler to see if Greenhouse wants their stolen flip flop back.

700/month is crazy for that location

Might need to craft up some outriggers before I try that!

You can see the “VT” logo is flipped in the pic, so the whole pic is mirrored — so it really is the right shoe :)

There’s definitely more out there. Greenhouse board shop has had several stolen.

Wild. Thanks!

The photo is the left one...

„˙ʞɔɐq dolɟ dılɟ uǝloʇs ɹıǝɥʇ sʇuɐʍ ǝsnoɥuǝǝɹ⅁ ɟı ǝǝs oʇ ɹǝlooɔ uǝʌǝ ǝq p,ʇI„

Too high? You do get basically 2 bedrooms and your own bathroom for that price. I was thinking about setting up a 3d printing/makerspace sort of workshop in one of the rooms upstairs.

3 people could live there but that's the max (owner's rules due to being on a shared well) and one person would have a worse bedroom compared to the downstairs rooms.

I agree it’s a bit high. Prices in bburg are probably up a bit but when i lived on Harding at pheasant hill, I paid ~400/person for a 3br apt. Not a house but closer to campus and bt serviced the complex

I can't tell if my eyes are fooling me or not, but the top curves right. Doesn't that only happen for the left shoe? This is gonna hurt my brain...

How'd it end up in California then lmao

My guy, the picture was taken in a mirror, it's flipped

Location location location.

Way too high.

When was that?

[I mirrored the mirror pic just for you.](https://imgur.com/nHGnxdf)

I’d guess someone moved and took it with them.

Ouch, my brain.

Bro have you SEEN rent now a days? MOST places in or around Blacksburg are this price now and places with less free spaces or as nice of a location as this are more in rent a crazy amount

2018

Im so stupid 🤦‍♂️. I didn’t stop to think that the direction of the shoe would flip too lol.

It's far from campus and downtown. It lacks proper transit access. Its a lower quality property in general.

So yes all those things combined $700 is too expensive.

Four years is a long time now. The pandemic really messed up housing prices.

For a house I’m honestly not surprised, from the pictures it’s a NICE property too

That’s fair. Mentioned that in my comment but of course I don’t quite know for certain. Just offering some insight

>The pandemic really messed up housing prices.

The pandemic had nothing to do with it, it was Joe Biden's $1.9 trillion stimulus plan.   When you dump a bunch of "free money" into people's checking accounts the price of everything gets bid up.

Even if it were a massive upscale house, a house in the middle of nowhere is still in the middle of nowhere.

Inflation has spiked globally. Gas/energy and food prices are up globally. Prior to the American Rescue Plan the government passed ~$3.5 Trillion in pandemic relief funding. 

You really think it is logical to blame it all on Biden? C'mon man, think it through if you're going to represent VT.

[removed]

>You really think it is logical to blame it all on Biden?

Yeah pretty much.  The only thing standing between us and the abyss is Joe Manchin who is apparently the only Democrat in DC who paid attention in Econ 101.

No need for name calling friend.

I've stated my reasoning. 

Take care.

Otter Sandman at the duck pond!

he the only one you saw? think it’s abt time of year for them to have pups

Survived the gator!

She's back!!!

It's nice that she has plenty of wotter.

So cute!

We survey that stretch every year in my CAD class.  It has been fun seeing the little critter.

Is hunting of them allowed?

I think this one was a girl! no pups though :(

And when it gets to summertime, it'll be a bit 'otter

[deleted]

If anyone touches otter sandman it’s on sight

if otter ain't there next week we bout to throw down

I don’t think bringing a gun to campus is a good idea…

I’m not gonna hunt shit I don’t even own any guns. I was just curious

If you have a problem with Otter Sandman you have a problem with me, I suggest you let that one marinate.

ong?

i was just curious

[deleted]

I’m sayin ‼️

alrighty brother. I’m not Bear Grylls here

Ferda!

"I'm sorry, $300 more a month just isn't doable for us" says the guy who makes $52,000 a month

Babe new VT salary power rankings dropped

If this gets taken down by mods I vote we purge this sub and make a new one without snowflake mods

Grad students should be paid more, I can't believe there are people defending this. I thought we as a society agreed on the living wage thing by now.

[deleted]

There's significant bloat in AP Faculty pay, but focusing on this top level might not be the best strategy. Arguably those salaries are all market driven, and many of those listed bring in more money to the university than they take out, either through fundraising or grants.

For example, #85 on the top 100 paid at VT in 2021 is the head of government relations at $277k. What other state-supported entity in Virginia pays their head lobbyist $277k?

\#100 is the VP for communications at $266k. What other state-supported entity in Virginia pays their head of communications $266k?

VP for Finance comes in at #45 at $333k. What other state-supported entity in Virginia pays their head of finance $333k?

And that's just the top 100.

For reference, the Governor of Virginia makes $175,000. But he's political. Operationally, the head of Virginia's Department of Corrections (a massive, billion dollar enterprise operation), makes $203k. The head of Virginia's Department of Health during the pandemic--a medical doctor--made $231k.

You want to find the money? It's there. It's not about the highest paid per se, but rather those paid more than appropriate for a publicly-supported university premised built on the premise of service.

$300 a month, or $3600 a year, to each of the 7063 graduate students would cost the same as giving a $10,908 raise to each of the 2331 teaching faculty.

A $20,000 raises to these 10 administrators cost the same as giving every graduate student an extra $2.35 a month.

Virginia Tech decided it gets more value giving raises to faculty than to graduate students.

Why should Virginia Tech give the money to graduate students instead of full time faculty? I don’t really have an opinion one way or another, I’m just curious why Virginia tech’s decision was a bad one, in your eyes?

We hope this meme is fresh enough for resident meme critic u/elwynhuck

This isn't a problem unique to VT, it's happening at UVA too, probably to a much greater extent since the cost of living in Charlottesville is many times higher than Blacksburg. 

This is more of a VA-state govt issue in regards to (1) state worker (and NIH) pay bands being suppressed, despite inflation (2) ability for state employees and others to effectively unionize and negotiate better pay (3) if they raise graduate student stipends to reflect inflation, then they need to do this as well for all staff with degrees making under the minimum faculty salary. 

In summary, everyone is currently getting screwed (students & staff) except for the highest earners among the faculty & admin.  Athletic coaches aren't exactly hurting either, salary wise...they could endure some cuts and be just fine.  

How do you change this?   Not sure.   Forcing out & retiring all of the boomer faculty/admin who are completely out of touch with reality is a start though.  Further change will have to come from the state govt, which is unlikely to happen until the next election.

He gets paid that much because he fundraises a ton of money for the university. The university will always pay up to keep faculty who make tech money. Graduate students are an expense to the university. While they do participate in research and teach intro classes, tech knows they are a dime a dozen, while faculty that can bring in millions of dollars a year are much harder to find.

Edit: A better way to put it might be graduate students are replaceable, while he isn't. Tech is a top-tier research institution because people like Phelgar bring in grant money for the university. While graduate students might help with the research, the money is given to tech because of the faculty members' efforts. If you were to fire every graduate student and replace them with new ones, the amount of grant money tech receives wouldn't be affected. However, if you remove the fundraisers like Phelgar, you end up with less money. Tech has no incentive to raise the pay of graduate students and every incentive to raise the pay of the fundraisers for precisely this reason.

You can downvote me all you want, it doesn't change the fact that graduate students have little leverage to change their situation, and only make themselves look bad by doing things like this

Jesus.

Grad students are getting paid?

Here's a radical idea:

The cost of moving all grad students to a minimum $2,400 stipend is about $2.5 million. 

All state employees will be receiving a 5% salary increase this year; potentially a 7% increase, depending on how the budget ends up. Most employees at VT are university employees; only a few are still state employees (going back to changes made in the early 2000's). Nevertheless, as a rule of thumb, whenever the state puts in a salary increase for state employees, the university follows with an increase for all employees.

But if the university did not give that 5% increase to all employees making $250,000 or more, the cost savings would be around $2 million. . .about 80% of what's needed for the $2,400 12-month stipend.

(fact check me--the top 100 earners made a combined total of $35.2 million in 2021, prior to a 5% increase last year. A 5% increase on that $35.2 million is $1.76 million. The lowest of the top 100 earners made $266k, so you'd also factor in those making between $250k and $266k).

&#x200B;

So take it a step further.  Get a list from the university of everyone who makes over $250k. Approach each one. Ask them to personally sign on to the plan.

It's not costing them anything they already have, only a future 5% increase to their salaries of a quarter million dollars or more. I imagine most university admins lean left of center and have personal beliefs about equity and a certain amount of wealth redistribution--see if they'll personally back up their beliefs by forgoing 5% added to their 250k+ salaries. So graduate students can start to have a living wage.

Really puts it in perspective

What’s the pay rate for the grad students? Is there tuition discounts as well?  How many hours a week are they working?

Certified VT moment

If you ask me, they're ALL Dinguses.

You do not need to make that much money if u live in Blacksburg

Another Grad post crying

Barrier to success. Earn the success first. Then talk to me about what deserve or have earned.

Everyone deserves a living wage. But your idea of what a living wage is doesn't along with everyone's. Figure that part out before you count other peoples money.

If the tuition assistance isn’t enough and you aren’t able to make ends meet through other means, maybe the grad student life isn’t for you 🥶

*preparing for downvote army *

Oh my!  Look at how under paid the VT administration is.

Here come the power scaling YouTubers

Based take.

What posts are you referencing that were removed by snowflake mods? The last posts removed were done by Reddit admins.

Well everyone “agrees in principle”, but when you ask administrators to actually do anything about it, that’s where it gets dicey.

I disagree, or rather think there are other university employees that are more deserving of pay increases. Budget is limited and is a constant battle between increasing tuition and increasing pay. Grad students already get a really sweet deal. When factoring in their tuition remission, they are earning $60+ per hour. What about the undergrad student workers who are earning $15/hour? Or the housekeeping staff? Or the dining workers? Or the grounds staff?

You signed up for it. Lol. You could have chosen to enter the work force and save money before grad school. Further, grad school is less affected by periodic lapses in enrollment than undergrad is. But since you didn't, it's our fault that you aren't being paid enough? Foh.

Beautiful!

Yeah and I think it's okay to be disappointed and upset that a so called non-profit state funded school is abusing their ability to provide degrees as a way to get cheap labor from hard working graduate students to then over pay less important replaceable administration (who control the overall movement of pay etc). The truth is the people in power are abusing their power to unequally distribute pay versus where the value is. It's okay though, this happens in all walks of life. The only thing you can do is to strike and make them pay your worth. I understand everyone is upset, we expect fair pay and fair distribution from a NON PROFIT TAX FUNDED UNIVERSITY. The non-logical fight from admin to suppress this actively shows they know what they are doing. If it wasn't a big deal then they would just let people go and fill the spots with new people. Strike and collect, and have absolutely no forgiveness. There is no crime in getting paid what you are worth. You don't owe any of these people anything, especially since they are so obviously aware that the status quo is in the students favor.

Oh, and the Board wants to raise tuition by up to 5% because they "need to" because the state is giving state employees a 5% salary increase, and 80% of VT's expenses come from personnel costs. Because of the bloat in the higher-paid AP Faculty salaries, the average salary is 97k. So a 5% salary increase costs a lot. And it apparently needs to come from increasing tuition, rather than finding common sense cuts.

So college becomes incrementally less affordable. Ut Prosim.

You can't make this s--- up.

Because the work Grad students do is integral to the functioning of the University and they don't get paid a living wage while many professors live comfortably off salary and other incomes (local business and textbook sales for some). How many professors have grad students grading all their assignments or running their lab?  They deserve more than what they get and it would take a drop out of the bucket for much of the upper administration.

This semester there are 3,658 grad students on assistantships -- but to answer your question of why, every person deserves a living wage. Grad students are struggling. (and so are a lot of people on campus -- the living wage task force report that grad students advocated for also made the recommendation that staff should be paid a living wage too!)   


Luckily, VT has not yet made it's decision. The Board of Visitors meets to discuss the 2023-2024 budget on March 19th and 20th. We hope to see everyone there!

This is a problem in academia in general.  As a PhD graduate from VT (2015), one thing that always stood out to me is how small and insignificant I felt in graduate school.  They pay us exactly how they see and treat us.  The only way to make a difference is to withhold your services so they can feel the sting of how difficult life is without you.  I know for a fact the chemistry department at VT can not teach a single week of classes without graduate students.  I wish there was a way for you to withhold services without it making your life unfeasible.

Obviously you have no idea how much grad students contribute to writing proposals and grants. Also by saying grad students are replaceable you have absolutely zero experience in training new grads so they can work efficiently to finish the proposal on time so they can secure the fund source for years. There are many labs where the students know much more than their professors, and this is the very reason why professors can focus on managing labs and projects.

You can downvote me all you want, it doesn't change the fact that you have little mind to appreciate grad students' roles in bringing funding to tech, and only make yourself look bad by doing things like this

Anybody who wants to calculate how much money they make Virginia Tech can do so using formulas in our latest zine! [https://www.mediafire.com/file/xf5oy5w8dlrsne7/Anonymous\_Stories\_Zine\_2\_Digital\_Version.pdf/file](https://www.mediafire.com/file/xf5oy5w8dlrsne7/Anonymous_Stories_Zine_2_Digital_Version.pdf/file)

>	You can downvote me all you want, it doesn’t change the fact that graduate students have little leverage to change their situation, and only make themselves look bad by doing things like this


First, don’t bitch about downvotes when you’re plus 18.

Second, the reason they do these things is **because** they lack a great deal of leverage. Grad employees have one thing they can leverage in negotiations and it’s their labor.

As someone who helped to lead a graduate union through a labor stoppage let me tell you it’s a hard fight. 

We all understand there is a logic to the cruelty but the point is that’s it’s cruel. People who labor deserve not to subsist on scraps. Though I suppose some people do get by on shoe leather.

lol u/HoundCiS has it right. You clearly have no idea what the fuck you're talking about. A PhD student in my lab wrote the entire proposal that will be split among 3 professor's labs. They just signed off on it. I have written the bulk of two proposals worth 325k that just needed a go over. Three other PhD candidates in my lab are writing proposals. Most professors who are not early career are not writing their own proposals unless they've mismanaged their labs. 

Beyond that, many labs have half a dozen projects going on. You seriously think that it's the professors that are doing the research on all of these projects? Fuck no. Go look at their publications and see how many they're first author on versus how many their grad students are first authors on if you want a breakdown of who is actually doing the work. A PhD student who graduates is by definition considered an expert once they receive their doctorate, and a requirement of graduating is to have pushed the field into areas previously unexplored. Do you think that any one professor has the same breadth of knowledge as the possibly dozen or more of their PhD candidates, each with their own specific niche? Without all these different research thrusts, there are no grants. 

And no, you absolutely cannot just replace every single graduate student. Go ask any professor and see if they would be okay with replacing their entire fucking lab group. Unless they're a shit lab manager who created a dysfunctional lab environment, not a single one would be willing to do that. Institutional knowledge is a thing and gets passed down among lab members. Cohesive, supportive environments are not created overnight and are not so easily replicated. Only a fool who seriously think they can just purge their entire workforce without serious consequences to productivity and quality.  


People have been saying the same shit for forever about "nonessential workers" then been bitten in the ass when those nonessential workers aren't available.

A minimum of $1,679, but all the grad students at VT that I’ve know made $2,000-2,200. Their tuition is covered, that’s $16,216 per semester ($4054 per month) for out-of-state students, or $8,541 per semester ($2,135 per month) for in-state students. The above assumes they are on a full-assistantship, which is 20 hours per week.

Your privilege is showing. Not everyone has mum and dad's bank accounts to get through by "other means"

That's nice and classist of you.

Also, "making ends meet through other means" is not available to all or even most graduate students. We can't have jobs outside the ones we have on campus.

[https://imgur.com/X8e3Mo7](https://imgur.com/X8e3Mo7)

While I appreciate the explanation now, I'm a bit skeptical. Two weeks ago there was [a post](https://www.reddit.com/r/VirginiaTech/comments/11den2e/why_are_the_grad_students_posts_being_removed/) that stayed toward the top of the sub for a couple of days asking the same question: why were the posts removed. All of the mods were tagged in one of the comments. Radio silence.

Maybe the mods don't read every post, but it was a question in the title that only mods could answer. And mods were tagged. If it was just a matter of "it wasn't us, it was Reddit", why not say that then?

So you or any of the mods have never taken down a post that calls out the bureaucratic woke vt administration?

The issue with your calculation for how much we make has been discussed at length in other threads, but it's worth reiterating. We can't live off of tuition remission and, at a certain point, it's just the university paying itself (e.g. grad students don't take classes in the last few years of our degree). I've also had yet to meet a grad student that actually is able to keep their hours to 20/week, it's usually more like 40-60, and we are prohibited from having outside employment (even if we did have time).  

Staff and other student workers absolutely deserve to be paid more. This was something that grad students on the living wage task force and across the university brought up specifically and repeatedly. This is not an "us or them" issue, it's systemic across all levels of the university and it's reductive to turn it into pitting groups of underserved workers against each other.

As a former dining employee I would have loved more than $15 an hour, but that doesn't decrease the Grad student need. It's a matter of those that make a living wage getting more, improper spending, and leaving those struggling without any recourse. If dining, Grad students, and other undervalued employees all support each other rather than saying I deserve it more we can get a lot farther.

Seconding that AP faculty bloat. And if it hasn't been mentioned--- most faculty do not get the 5% salary increase. The university skims off a decent amount so they can give "merit raises," and then what remains is given to faculty based on how your department has ranked you. In the past 8 years every time a "5% salary increase" was approved by the state I have seen between 2.25% and 4% max, even if I was ranked extremely high in my department, and that raise was labeled a "merit raise." So while the state approves 5%, it doesn't mean all your faculty will actually get 5%. And you have a whole tier of faculty, full-time instructors, who frequently make below $50,000, a number are below $45,000. I'm curious if the higher paid AP faculty brackets more consistently get the actual state-approved raise, given the skimming from everyone.

If you added up these ten administrators salaries and divided it equally among all 3658 grad students on assistantship they’d get less than $2000 a year.

Raising the wages of all the graduate students is not a drop in the bucket. It would cost a lot of money.

False. Lol. Grad students are not integral to VT. That's your first and biggest lie. What is integral, is the faculty, whom many grad-level students specifically follow to VT. The research grads do is important to be sure but to call yourselves integral is asinine. There are at least. 14 things more important to the running of the university than grad students. Lol. Some nerve. Lol

Many professors have comfortable salaries. Adjuncts generally get paid shit, though.

And a lot of grad students also teach a LOT depending on their department. They and instructor ranks should be natural allies, given instructors frequently have higher student credit hour ratios the TT faculty, yet are grossly underpaid by comparison. Look up the BOV approved salaries for faculty for 2021-2022 and then 2022-2023--- you can see how many instructor rank make only the base pay for instructors (which I believe is still $43,500, but check BOV's minutes to see the approved faculty compensation plan). You'll see a major jump in salaries between 2021-2022 and 2022-2023 in department of English after a massive push by instructors based on the fact they taught a significant majority of the student credit hours in the department yet made far under their TT counterparts. In 2021-2022 24/24 instructors made under $46,500 and their Advanced Instructors (those who had to have been employed at least 5 years full time and then evaluated for potential promotion) made from $47,000 - $50,000. After their push, their instructor rank's base salary was bumped to $50,000 and Advanced to $55,000. Now, Mathematics instructors got wind and want to push for their own increase given they're in a very similar situation (teaching the majority of student credit hours but almost all paid close to that low-end base pay for each instructor rank). I would bet the university does not want instructors and GTAs talking and would rather they were fighting--- they're natural allies given without their work keeps departments afloat.

Wizard cat has spoken

thank u wizard cat

no need to study now :)

I got a 48.

Thank you wizard cat 😭. I got an A on my math final.

The cat of my dreams and my nightmares.

Out of 50?

Out of 100 but I’m big chillin cuz I still have a C+ so LETS GOOOO

Ez w

C’s get degrees

Sick car btw

*Me prior to college*: I absolutely need an A in this class

*Me this semester*: Holy shit can’t believe I got a 43% I’m so happy I did above average

Yuh

Ty lmfao

My brother hates that I go to Tech My brother hates that I go to Tech.

First of all, he graduated from UVA and works at a law firm. Like him, I am also seeking a law degree, but I’m at VT now. He hates that I’m graduating soon and he thinks the entire foundation of legal rule and the sanctity of law will be tarnished once I become a lawyer. To quote him directly, me being in law school is like “a chimp with a machine gun.” During our family Thanksgiving dinner today, he threw a tantrum in front of my family because he wanted to be the only lawyer. He wants to be the pride of the family. “Virginia Tech, for Christ’s sake?” He yelled at me as I asked my mom to pass the mashed potatoes. “What a joke. I worked my ass off to get where I am! And you take these shortcuts and you think suddenly you're my peer?” I used to work in the mail room in his law firm. He said he was proud of me then and wishes I never turned my life around. Every day, I think about dropping out and going back to my old job just to make him happy…

Do you have a history of taking shits through car sunroofs?

Jimmy?

Slippin' Jimmy

UVA rn:

I am not crazy! I know he swapped those scores! I knew it was 17-55, not 55-17. One after the Seven Years War. As if I could ever make such a mistake. Never. Never! I just – I just couldn't prove it. He – he covered his tracks, he got that idiot Brent Pry to lie for him. You think this is something? You think this is bad? This? This chicanery? He's done worse. 2016! Are you telling me that we just happen to lose by 42? No! He orchestrated it! Sands! He overadmitted and keeps doing it! And I saved him! And I shouldn't have. What was I thinking? He'll never change. He'll never change! Ever since he was 9, always the same! Couldn't keep his team off steroids! But not our Timmy! Couldn't be precious Timmy! And he gets to be a president!? What a sick joke! I should've stopped him when I had the chance! And you – you have to stop him! You-

Is this a copy pasta?

The plot to Saul Goodman?

10/10 troll

Chuck McGill ass brother.

First of all, he graduated from Harvard Law School and works at a law firm. Like him, I am also seeking a law degree, but I’m at UIUC now. He hates that I’m graduating soon and he thinks the entire foundation of legal rule and the sanctity of law will be tarnished once I become a lawyer. To quote him directly, me being in law school is like “a chimp with a machine gun.” During our family Thanksgiving dinner today, he threw a tantrum in front of my family because he wanted to be the only lawyer. He wants to be the pride of the family. “UIUC, for Christ’s sake?” He yelled at me as I asked my mom to pass the mashed potatoes. “What a joke. I worked my ass off to get where I am! And you take these shortcuts and you think suddenly you're my peer?” I used to work in the mail room in his law firm. He said he was proud of me then and wishes I never turned my life around. Every day, I think about dropping out and going back to my old job just to make him happy…

Just throw a cell phone battery at him.

Soon he will never leave his home and will wrap himself in a solar blanket just to get the mail.

Tech that bad? Even a degree from University of American Samoa produces competent lawyers.

[deleted]

your brother just fuckin sucks.

Keep him away from gas lamps

ur brother needs to untwist his panties

Typical UVA grad who’s miffed at those who choose something other than their “public Ivy League.” You just have to know how to handle them. Give him a martini, some Adderall, and a navy and orange striped bow tie. He’ll calm right down.

Even though it’s all good man, this is totally believable  coming from a uva’er

Amazing troll im dying

Sounds like your brother is jealous or simply isn't being supportive. Pretty immature and rude. He's over his head with his ego. All of these are signs of a hoo lmao.

Bro, if anyone takes the rivalry that seriously, they are messed up in the head


Don’t drop out man, he’s just your brother. Stand your ground, tell him to chill out, if he doesn’t then stop talking to him?   Always remember, you hold the power

Lazy shit post as VT does not have a law school.

He’s just mad because he knew they were going to get thumped again.  Show him up and put out your best.  Cave to him n you will always regret it n be his biatch.

Your brother a lawyer? Yet he thinks law will be tarnished🤔

[deleted]

imagine being a grown ass man and having these kinds of childish allegiances.

Absolute chicanery

If someone is still bitter over college choices after graduating, that's a massive red flag.

You should remind your brother that all going to UVA did for him was inflate his grades and his ego.

Im sorry you had to experience this. You are on your own path, don’t let your brothers insecurities and narcissism ever make you feel that you have to do something a certain way. I would recommend you begin finding ways to communicate and enforce boundaries around this type of behavior for you’re own good.

Something is rotten in Denmark.  Two different users with brothers that hate that they are going to a different school for the same profession.

https://www.reddit.com/r/BostonU/comments/183atjb/my\_brother\_hates\_that\_i\_go\_to\_bu/

Dude your brother sounds like a snake ngl, you keep getting that law degree, he is going to have to face the fact that you are going after your own dreams, and if he finds that as competition then that is his problem, not yours. Please don’t drop out, a degree is very important in these days

Spam shit had same post on UCF sub today.

Tech was going to have a law school back in the day, but then ended up not having one. But they had started to collect the law books for the library so Tech has one of the largest law libraries in the country, but no law school.

[https://www.reddit.com/r/olemiss/comments/1855cwo/my\_brother\_hates\_that\_i\_go\_to\_ole\_miss/](https://www.reddit.com/r/olemiss/comments/1855cwo/my_brother_hates_that_i_go_to_ole_miss/)  


Hey that's great

Op has written the same post about many schools

The chicanery is leaking

Ask him how it feels knowing that Whooville is now Blacskburg North...

Isn't UVA a basketball school?

Chicanery?

Oh god it’s jimmy

Ah crap here we go again with the pasta.

Tell him you have the school he goes to

does this keep getting reposted with different schools?

I’ve seen this exact post 2 times but with other schools. /yawn

Are you really just re posting this in a bunch of campus subs?

It would be a shame if mashed potatoes were accidentally dropped onto his head.

why have i heard this story before, except the colleges were RICE and UH...

Your brother doesn’t exist.

I’d just laugh in his face and say “this is ridiculous, counsel suggests you learn to control your emotions before you have a tantrum in the court room in front of the judge”.

Time to start attending classes in Minecraft (Album in comments)

Oh damn. Is this on a server?

[https://imgur.com/gallery/T8jCUJG](https://imgur.com/gallery/T8jCUJG)

This is awesome!!!

Maybe you can convince the administration to let us meet “in person” in the minecraft map.

can you still get expelled if you venture the steam tunnels in the Minecraft world?

We're really out here huh

If I use vr minecraft ill be able to go to school again 🤣

Good luck man this is one hell of a project. That terrain was probably an ass kicking in itself

HOLY SHIT

I’m really new to Minecraft. Is this a server you can join? Or...? Sorry for such a noob question.

Yeah, I'm running a discord/server to build campus if you're interested in joining. [https://discord.gg/Zh8dEeb](https://discord.gg/Zh8dEeb)

Are the buildings interiors done?
Would be interested in a virtual CS lounge with virtual desperation.

Thanks!

I teach at a different school now, but the only reason I'm not considering Minecraft more seriously for my classes is because I can't be guaranteed that all my students have a laptop that can run it and are interested in playing it. I don't want to exclude anyone.

I wish lol

Lol someones gotta build the steam tunnels first.

Lmaooo big brain

Thanks, there's this amazing modpack that does the general terrain, building outlines, and roads but there's still been a shit ton of terraforming corrections.

Thanks! Might post more as progress is made.

You’re all good! It’s a server I’m running and we’ve got a group discord for it. There should be a link for joining the discord in the comments but I can resend it if u can’t find it

Maybe when campus is done we can build the town too

You should look into the 1:1 world map people are building and request to do campus in that map.

So far Torg Bridge is the only interior that has been completed. Feel free to join the Discord and check it out and help work on it if you want though.

Oh I bet. I didnt know such a mod pack existed though that's pretty handy

I found the instructions, but I’m not sure if I am doing it right :/
Is this accessible from the iPad app?

That’s the plan, just takes time

This is what it’s for. No way I could have done the terrain and building outlines without the modpack lol

Would a 1:1 world map fit in the 12,000,000x12,000,000 minecraft world?

I know it’s technically infinite but the farlands get kinda wonky in the code

Depends on what you mean by 1:1 scale. If you assume one block is 1m^2 and the 12,000,000 x 12,000,000 is just surface blocks, then yes.

The surface area of Earth is 196.9 million mi^2 (according to Google). (12e6)^2 = 1.44e14 surface blocks. Converting to miles: 1.44e14 / 0.000621371 ≈ 8.9477e10 mi^2 . All with 89 billion blocks to spare!

Edit: Mixed up meters and miles in my explanation. Too many units...

A group made a modpack for 1:1 mapping the Earth into a single world. That's what we're using to get the terrain and outlines. Here's a video on the project  [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8\_bW3ab8YAk&t=513s](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8_bW3ab8YAk&t=513s)

I am too lazy to do the math, but you did pique my curiosity enough to google the surface area of the earth in square meters and it comes up in the 500 trillion~ish range. The farlands being roughly 12 and a half million blocks out, I really don’t think it’s possible to make a 1:1. HOWEVER, I just googled and the farlands is a bedrock edition only thing, so I suppose it’s irrelevant

The large surface area comes into play since surface area grows exponentially in relation to side lengths of squares and radii of spheres. The actual math does get kinda weird since the surface of spheres are non euclidean space, but locally euclidean geometry works well enough. Looking a little deeper, I think my math works for flat square Earth but not for spheres since sqrt(500,000,000,000,000) would give roughly a 22,000,000 x 22,000,000 square.

You've also really piqued my interest so now I'm going to do the only logical thing. Spend the rest of my day trying to figure out if you can build a 1:1 scale of Earth in Minecraft.

This is fine because the earth is flat.

Well since farlands aren’t an issue in the Java version I would assume the minecraft world is infinite in that version but I’m not sure.

Me after an entire online semester of doing the absolute bare minimum

CC to the rescue my friend.

A semester of unproctored online tests? Do what 90% of the student body is doing and your GPA might even get a boost.

Organic Chemistry II online is currently raping me.

Pass/Fail fam. U good

Edit: Uh why am I downvoted but the top comment is "CC to the rescue my friend"

CC is great and all but the lack of structure is killing my motivation to want to do anything that’s school related :(

Cries in grad student

And to think I used to be happy to have project-based classes :(

Same man same

Chegg is your best friend. Worth the 15 bucks if you can afford it. Also office hours with the TAs helped a lot.

Because those are two different grading options.

If you take a class as pass/fail, you dont get credit towards your degree. (i.e you cant take any classes that go towards your degree as pass/fail, they have to be A-F, even CLEs)

if you take a class as CC, that credit goes towards your degree. So essentially, I can take all my classes as CC (even my core classes) this semester and still get credit towards my degree without it effecting my GPA.

No I agree, I'm having the same issues as well. I am doing the bare minimum as well and its hard to want to do any more than that now.

But just remember you shouldn't feel awful about not being your most productive self considering the circumstances right now, just keep doing what you can.

Take the gift semester my friend. Learn what you need to from your classes for your future classes/career and enjoy the easier semester. I'm in my final semester and am *struggling* to keep up with my senior engineering design stuff right now. I'm so burnt out that I want to give up on everything. Make sure this doesn't happen to you.

Alright I kind of assumed everyone knew I meant CC/CN

Sounds about right...

Its crazy seeing your fb status go full circle and get posted by someone else on twitter and then on reddit.

What a time to be alive.

[deleted]

If it makes you feel better she did give you credit for the origin (when she was talking to me about it)

Thank you for the request, comrade.

I have looked through profanitycounter's posting history and found 183 N-words, of which 42 were hard-Rs.

Aw. Its all good. I dont really care about credit. Meme culture is just kind of funny.

Tailgate scene at UVA

[UVA traditional game day attire](https://imgur.com/a/FEjYp76)

“How’s the wine sir?” “Oh my this wine is indubitably exquisite”

The Range Rover completes it

Where is the Zima?

Looks like Sunday Polo at King Family Vineyards.

Reminds me of these classics:

[Part 1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RidU6ILUQNE)

[Part 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0zKxcXfKYgY)

The OG headline would make this joke land better because I legit thought this was serious and didn't see the damn candles or sweaters.

It’s just a country club disguised as a school

[Hoo at a football game (So- that's their losing secret...)](https://i.imgur.com/rDh97il.jpg)

a candelabra without candles... pretty much says it all.

Jeeves had to zoom in pretty far to get this shot from the Tailgate Staff section.

[deleted]

I attended VT from '98 to '03... My VT friends were mostly from NOVA and had friends that went to UVA so we always went to Charlottesville for the away games. I remember one year where we sat next to some UVA frat and all of them were shirtless with body paint. They fucking painted themselves with white dress shirts, blue blazers, and orange ties. Such quintessential UVA.

That's just UVA though. When you move to Charlottesville you're issued a cardigan.

For auld lang syne, they'll be having their Zima by enema. They prefer these chilled so they're still in the cooler.

Lurking on your school’s rival’s reddit screams unemployed lmfao

I make more money than all of my Hoo friends 🤷‍♂️

My brother was a Hoo from ‘09-‘13 and at his first football game he and a few friends got front row, were shirtless, and painted “HOOS!” with one letter on each chest.  My brother was the exclamation point.  My mother was appalled 😂😂😂

Idk why but it took me a solid minute to realize that’s only four years apart because it seems longer

My best friend is a Hoo, same years, me too. That ‘09 year they went like 2-9 😂

I totally do the same haha

^ Found the UVA grad!

And that’s why my dad bought season basketball tickets the next year instead of football lmao

Sad thing is I’m a Hokie tho

Virgini[A] Tech logo

Why is the [A] in brackets like that?

That's cool. 

I don't like the newer logo with the dipsey doodle in between the letters.

Where did this come from? I like

This needs to be an animated wallpaper

So smooth.

It needs ESPN easing in from bottom right.  Well done.

It’s a tag for animated, as opposed to a real life video I imagine.

This is the athletic logo, the one you refer to is the academic logo. They are separate entities.

For some perspective, everyone hated the old academic logo when it came out, too.

All the alumni chapters were co-opting the athletic logo anyway since it's so recognizable, but if you do that too much you lose your trademark. The school already struggles with some things they didn't trademark; for example "Hokies" is trademarked but "Hokie" is not, thus we got Hokie Honda and Hokie Hair. The HokieBird facing left is, facing right he is not. 

There is a lot of money to be made and lost in trademark law.

So true, they never should’ve changed it

ACC Network graphics package

Oh ok that makes sense.

Palestine encampment protest in front of the GLC

VT is probably going to get it removed by commencement.

What are the demands?  Anyone get a picture of the bedsheet?

I hope Tech admin reacts a whole lot less stupidly than other schools'

Peaceful protests on college campuses are hardly a new phenomenon. It’s kind of what we expect and want college to be - think for yourself, pursue your passions, believe you can make a difference in the world. All power to them. Just keep it peaceful.

Don’t these people have finals to study for?

I mean our school is probably one of the most symbolic in the US to do this in given the school’s relationship with the military, but I still don’t see what having the encampment *here*, in the GLC lawn, does? It’s so out of the way. And the goal is divestment, does VT even have any investments in Israeli companies lmao? Do this shit in DC, inconvenience the mfs actually making the decisions if you want anything to change. Just sitting on the GLC lawn isn’t going to do anything.

This accomplishes what?

Hopefully the administration ignores them and does nothing to make them into martyrs.

I'm genuinely so confused why people pay so much attention to Palestine vs Israel when there are literally millions of Muslims being sent to Chinese concentration camps, a raging civil war in Myanmar, a war against democracy in Ukraine...I think it's very telling that people plant their flags at every opportunity there is to bash Israel and call me a Zionist for thinking that Israel has the right to exist. It's like it's the 1920s all over again. Fuck Hamas.

Super disappointing to see the comments being made about this on this Reddit. Then again I don’t know what I was expecting

🍉

Honestly super disappointed at a lot of the discourse in this thread.

There are absolutely routes of discourse that can happen that don't involve backing the explicit war crimes of the Netanyahu admin or regurgitating Hamas propaganda.

Anyone saying Israel doesn't have the right to avenge what happened on October 7th is horribly wrong

hi everyone! this is gonna be long, but here’s some information: the demands for virginia tech administration are 1. Divest from Israel and provide endowment transparency, 2. Issue an official statement condemning Israel’s violence against Palestine and the genocidal loss of life, and 3. Define anti-Palestinian racism and acknowledge the suppression of Palestinian and allied students on campus. for those asking “why tents on a lawn,” the reason this was at the GLC and not the drillfield was to ensure the encampment would not be taken down as soon as it was erected. plus this design of protest is specifically organized to show solidarity with the thousands of palestinians who have been displaced into tent communities and lack safe and consistent access to basic necessities like food and water. for those asking “why virginia tech,” it is proven that nearly every drone used in gaza has a piece of VT hardware or software, VT has a close partnership with VIAB and therefore receives lots of funding from Israeli businesses/coalitions (thus proving significant bias), and VT has released statements supporting Israeli students (such as lighting burruss up in israel’s flag colors and promising to “always stand with israel”) yet has failed to reference or support its Palestinian students in any manner. additionally, the virginia tech foundation (as a 501c3 nonprofit) is NOT required to share where donations/endowment money goes, so although we know it sends funds to DoD, Boeing, Northrop, etc. we have no idea what %. also, for those saying this is just to look like martyrs/because other universities did it so VT students thought to join in, no dawg. VT has been peacefully protesting for palestine since october. this is nothing new, just a new escalation. also, yes, obviously, students have classes and finals - no one was trapped there. many people left for class and came back, did homework/studied at the camp, etc. because THIS is what the students care about. THIS is bigger than a finals season. lastly, stop spreading false rhetoric about these protests - there are no “death to israel” signs or anything antisemetic as part of the pro-palestinian group at VT, and if you claim there were, i’m sure i and everyone else would love to see the proof that doesn’t exist. anywho thanks for reading, free palestine 🇵🇸🍉

Must be nice not having any classes or finals to study for

Where were you all when the Uyghur of China, A Muslim Population, was being rounded up and murdered like the The Holocaust. If you are reading this, and protesting, and have never heard of the Uyghurs before. You should re-evaluate how easily manipulated you are.

all the zionist here defending israel…. get a life

Waste of time and space

the kids are alright👏👏

I’m sure this is helping the people in Gaza

How about they offer up their time and obviously vast knowledge and experience and voluntarily go to Gaza to assist the poor starving Palestinians. No? Easier to sit in America and complain about how evil the world is without the slightest idea of what it’s really like there? I’ve been to places in that part of the world that these whining “children” wouldn’t last 5 minutes in acting like they are here. But, I guess that’s the greatness of a democratic nation. You have the right to act like a complete bigot, racist fool with no fear of personal harm. Try that garbage in the Middle East (with one glaring exception) and see how long your little tent city lasts. Good luck world if these are the future leaders.

I'm glad to see Hokies on the right side of history.

As an alumni, how can I support these folks?

Thank you to my fellow Hokies!!! #FreePalestine🇵🇸

Barvo, but I have to get my diploma.

Are any of those clowns still out there or did they go home?

It's worth putting out there that divestment is not an effective strategy for affecting change because all the assets that get sold will be drive the price down, allowing someone who doesn't care about the issue to buy them for cheap and get a better return. 

Also, engineering alone has named professorships funded by NAVSEA, Norththrup, Raytheon, and Rolls Royce. I think anyone who is asking for VT to be anything less than totally on board with the military industrial complex is living in an alternate reality.

Future baristas coming to a Starbucks near you

Good on them! Free Palestine!!

These people are lame.

So if you don’t support our military and don’t like where the engineers from school and contracts are aligned, go to a liberal school. There are choices. You don’t get to demand an institution change its policies because you don’t like them. You are welcome to leave 👋🏻

Has anybody called on Cartman yet to help get rid of the infestation?

https://preview.redd.it/8legslbwtxwc1.jpeg?width=1290&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=686619319d90b2f910350c595a98d0ffc3a95690

Of course they are spazzing! The woke hates the truth. I guess the truth really does hurt!!

This is what happens when you let the woke left take charge of colleges

Not surprised with the people here in the comments, no mention of Hamas instigating the war with October 7th kidnappings, OR Joe Biden giving Iran back access to money so they can fund not just the Red Sea Houthi terrorists but also Hamas. And who's suffering? Innocent civilians on both sides. Palestine was the name of an area of desert which was never an independent country but always under the control of empires/kingdoms/states (Persian, Macedonian, Phoenician, Roman, Egyptian, multiple different emirates/sultanates, crusader states LIKE THE KINGDOM OF JERUSALEM, etc.). So what did Israel do after they took what was a barren desert with no permanent settlements to create a civilization with infrastructure, give some of the land to the Arabic tribes that were there just so they could have it backfire. But hey, who am I to say the facts to people who don't think about the facts and are just going to start REEEEEING, down vote this, and type some short small sentence without any facts or basis like "that's not true because (just) X (not Y and/or Z)" or "you don't know what your talking about". Oh yea, also why isn't neighboring Arabic countries like Egypt or Arabia taking in and sending aid to the displaced Palestinians?

Remember when all those protests ended Vietnam. Me neither

These people need to get up out my way, it’s getting real old

Lot of folks sitting at that protest look like they are accidentally eating all the aid meant to be sent to Gaza.

Is it confirmed that the protestors are VT students, or are they outside agitators?

[deleted]

https://preview.redd.it/y8aqo5nb8cxc1.jpeg?width=1179&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=2ca231bfc9e421ab03c60268bd752fa8a07d565e

Dear useful friend…

Word is they're moving on it tonight?

Don't see why. This is no where near where commencement is held.

Hopefully

Can’t see the demands exactly, but very likely a call to divest from companies profiting off the war. That what many of the other student protests are calling for.

They certainly aren’t demanding a release of the hostages and Hamas’ unconditional surrender.

https://preview.redd.it/hdvwcmws7xwc1.jpeg?width=1125&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=a474baa7d64d33092f43c11199eb350b336fc3e2

Getting rid of Israel. That’s usually what “Palestinian liberation,” “free Palestine,” and “From the River to the sea [Palestine will be free]” mean. Many don’t realize it, but that’s the origin and regional use of those slogans.

The students seemed to be pretty non confrontational and there were 2 cops there but they were just sitting like 20 feet away chilling which is a good start

Scared I’m being followed/ stalked So within this past week this boy came to my door and tried to open it and failed.  I saw him through the peep hole and didn’t answer (keep in mind he did this 5 min after my bf left). Then a few days later a girl comes and does the same thing although this time I answer and she says wrong address but started to look around my place. Today the same guy comes back and does the same thing but my bf answers and he goes “sorry, I thought this was my place”. ALL WHILE LOOKING AROUND MY APT. I’m really freaked out so I filed a police report. 

Both are Asian, male 5’8 dark hair, slim build & woman is 5’5, Asian, slim build. Not sure what to think but really freaked out

I would suggest maybe purchasing a ring camera if it's in your budget

Yeah that’s suspicious activity for sure. I don’t think that you are being followed or stalked but it could be possible that they were looking around your apartment for valuables like others commented. Strange to continuously do it so there’s an underlying reason here so filing a report was a good idea just in case police get other calls for the same people.

In addition to what everyone else has suggested, tell your neighbors too. This is classic casing for burglary.

More likely they’re casing your apartment than anything else.

Tell the Blacksburg PD and the apartment manager. A maintenance man may have seen these people walking about. Your phones have cameras. If you have roomies, ask them to record.  Keep doors and windows locked at all times.  As someone else said, get a video doorbell.

This isn’t advice, so don’t take it as advice, but personally I would be direct. “Come back here again and we’ll have a problem.” I would want them to know I think they’re sus.

Lock doors and windows, keep valuables hidden when you are not there, and consider purchasing a self defense weapon

If you have a bottom floor apartment, get some sticks or dowels to shove in your window tracks so they can't be opened, and maybe consider getting a security stick like this one:

[https://www.amazon.com/AceMining-Upgraded-Security-Adjustable-Apartment/dp/B0BKKTFWJK/ref=sr\_1\_1\_sspa?keywords=security+stick&qid=1698162007&sr=8-1-spons&sp\_csd=d2lkZ2V0TmFtZT1zcF9hdGY&psc=1](https://www.amazon.com/AceMining-Upgraded-Security-Adjustable-Apartment/dp/B0BKKTFWJK/ref=sr_1_1_sspa?keywords=security+stick&qid=1698162007&sr=8-1-spons&sp_csd=d2lkZ2V0TmFtZT1zcF9hdGY&psc=1)

Get a blink doorbell or ring doorbell cam too

The property management may have cameras around, I'd ask them if they do can the pics / vids be checked for these two. 

And take a pic of them if you see them again, even if not at your door step.

report to blacksburg pd. always better to be safe than sorry

jesus never answer the door in that situation

My current roommate had people coming into her old townhouse. Her and her roommates didn't realize all the problems they were having weren't from each other leaving messes or stealing food, it was the people they caught breaking into their house while they were gone to class, dinner, etc. 

So best case scenario, they're new to the area and making a genuine mistake. Worst case scenario, get window and door jams and any other personal protection you feel comfortable with

Get a 12 gauge shotgun if possible and if you’re comfortable with firearms. Everything else will only slow an intruder down. A weapon for defense actually stops them.

Call the cops? They rightfully get a bad wrap...but they're there for this reason.

Probably not a stalker, especially because it’s two people of different genders. Sounds to me like they are casing your apartment. This is exactly why we have the 2A, don’t know why every young female doesn’t own one🤷🏼

[deleted]

Hey, all I'm saying is that I love this song. Has a great message. 😇

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L0eDOlfQ-Jk&ab\_channel=MirandaLambert-Topic

[deleted]

Go to animal shelter and get a big dog.

Make sure you have something to protect yourself. I would suggest a firearm but doing so would be against university policy

Keep your damned door locked at all times. Period. When someone tries to open, yell out I'm armed and ready to kill !

Buy a shotgun and pump it when they next show up

You can't just shoot people. You will end up in prison, no water what the gun people tell you.

Be vigilant and ask friends/co workers/campus police for escorts around campus at night. 

Part of me thinks if they are both Asian, one male and one female and possibly foreign students, their friend who lives in same area might have given them the wrong address. This could happen if it is a large apartment complex. I have knocked on the wrong door before in this scenario.

It doesn't necessarily have to be ring either. Blink has them. They even have people cameras that you mount on the inside of your door

[deleted]

With that being said, make a report to Blacksburg PD.

“I have cameras, a police report on file, and will defend myself if necessary, do not come here again”

Maybe take a video of them when you open the door. That way they know you have proof to help ID them if anything happens.

Edit: Record video from phone

classic reddit brainlet on display. 

"all cops are bad people BUT you should totally call them!!"

“Rightfully” is crazy

Edit: It’s not fair to say that cops deserve the bad wrap they get because of the actions of few. Does there need to be reform? Yes absolutely. Anybody with a brain would agree with that. But you can’t make generalizations like that, it just isn’t fair.

Tyrod Taylor’s doctor punctured his lung —> all doctors are bad

Because owning a gun makes you and others around you more likely to be killed by it. I just googled: 

“people who own firearms more likely to get shot with own gun burglar”

and “gun owner shot with own gun” and got multiple results 

especially if the gun owner is scared and/or inexperienced

\>redditors upvoting comment saying all police are bad

\>redditors downvoting comment saying to purchase a firearm

which one is it? you either don't protect yourself (and have to rely on the big bad police) or you buy a gun

The downvotes don't make sense. People are afraid of this answer. Everyone hates guns until a criminal gets buck and you—a law-abiding citizen—have no way to defend yourself against *their* gun and ill intentions.

Are you trying to get offended by everything you see

[deleted]

Asian person here, how the fuck is this racist? OP was stating someway to identify the suspects that can not be easily changed like clothes worn. The suspects happen to be of Asian ethnicity, OP is simply warning people to be on the lookout with the information provided

maybe be careful posting about 9mm’s on the idk… Virginia Tech subreddit? lmao

Exactly this. Sounds like they are casing to possibly burglarize OP’s house when they’re not there. These types of thieves usually want to avoid confrontation at all costs because they aren’t “hard criminals”. Just you confronting them might be enough for them to write off the entire apartment complex as a whole. Of course, don’t do this when you’re by yourself; if it’s late at night or you’re alone I would just yell it through the door at them whenever they return.

I mean if the municipality and state are going to pay those goobers, you might as well get your money's worth.

Crazy how you get down voted for this

That’s why u shouldn’t be inexperienced. And I can cherry pick google searches too

This. I'm not right-wing, but people further down on the left seem to think so sometimes because

1) I don't think all cops are bad (they're not) and 

2) I don't support being a defenseless sitting duck

this is primitive reasoning.  wild. not understanding how someone might navigate a suspicious situation without a cop or gun

Because owning a gun makes you and others around you more likely to be killed by it. I just googled: 

“people who own firearms more likely to get shot with own gun burglar”

and “gun owner shot with own gun” and got multiple results 

especially if the gun owner is scared and/or inexperienced

[deleted]

a pathetic basement-residing cretin such as yourself really should have no right to judge someone with a paying job, especially considering how unlikely it is you'll ever acquire one during your miserable existence

People don’t realize how good we have it in the US, and it’s really really sad.

Crazy people disagree with you two? Sign me up

The life of a Qdoba Line worker

Pro tip, we hook up people in line who we like, and right now that bar has been dropped to "can hear you order without straining"

[deleted]

It would be great if they'd turn down the music, I feel like that's 50% of the problem

I was ordering the other day and was literally shouting at the guy behind the line so he could hear me, like so loud people in line were looking at me funny. Idk what's up with that barrier but it seems like it's a whole lot harder for the line workers to hear the customers than vice versa. Also, I noticed the next person in line had the same person and was heard fine when using a slightly elevated talking voice so I kinda wonder if he didn't want to hear me, but I've worked the line before so ik the most random things can affect your ability to hear someone

Dude they closed the Qdoba down when I loved there. Did they open it back up?

10/10 crop

This is every dining hall rn

like pls speak up people, and/or use your finger to point at shit

Its hard with an entire plastic shield blocking the sound

I'm definitely one of the people you can't hear. My mask is super thick and the pitch of my voice doesn't carry.

My grandfather has finally been vindicated for always bugging me to enunciate when I was a kid.

We always do that for the regulars, too. I dunno if the triple steak and pork cadet still goes there. But if he does, don't you dare skimp out on the meat.

I miss not having masks because at least then I could try to lip read, but even that's impossible now

I agree, sadly I have no idea who has the aux

I’d much rather you yell at me than me struggle to hear. Also voice pitch can totally be a factor outside of volume

There is a Qdoba on campus, that never shut down. The Qdoba off campus is sadly still dead.

Yea we’re back open

5 minutes on mematic ftw

Yell at me for all I care I just want to get through the line lol

Please just yell at me for all I care

Speak up, clearly, and with confidence. Honestly you'll go very far in life off that alone.

The trick is to double their meat in the center and cover the double meat portion w/ queso

he graduated he’s out near VB now

[👁👄👁](https://i.imgur.com/M6VN32W.jpg)

I mean I don't mind yelling and I'm glad I was able to help, just putting it out there that it's not always people intentionally being quiet

Ah gotcha, I was a grad student and was never on campus. Thanks for the clarification.

What line 😳

I can't be the only person who's experienced this rollercoaster of emotions

I love our schools obnoxiously long legal name

Every time on handshake

Gotta love Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University lol

I've ran into this situation so many times, that it's mostly just sighing, then beginning to type every combination of names I know.

~~VT~~

VPI&SU

Thank T. Marshall Hahn. He built the school we know today. 

When he came to VPI it was almost entirely undergrad only, it was almost all engineering and agriculture with some applied sciences, and IIRC all males had to serve two years in the corps. This was before Pamplin even existed (formed during Hahn's tenure), and the Vet School wouldn't appear until 1978.

His dream was to make it a "comprehensive university" rather than polytechnic, and to add a large graduate school. He also wanted to become a flagship campus of a multi-campus system absorbing VSU in Petersburg (the other land grant) and adding new campuses in rural areas. The new institution would be called Virginia State University, and mainly be modeled after Penn State and Ohio State.

The Virginia General Assembly refused to allow this. A lot of UVA grads in the field who didn't like the idea of VT getting a large graduate school and becoming another flagship school. So they refused to allow the merger with VSU Petersburg. They couldn't stop the rest of the plan though, and in defiance, Hahn added "and State University" to the "Virginia Polytechnic Institute".

I like the data-compression ratio of “vt”.
(Nearly as good as "L.A." compared to its [original full name](https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Los_Angeles#History).)

Thing is if people don't know Virginia Tech's long name, it looks super sketchy. Like some unknown online for profit college.

L.A. is roughly a 3% abbreviation of El Pueblo de Nuestra Señora la Reina de los Ángeles de Porciúncula...also known as Los Angeles.

And how they insist on printing the whole thing on the bottom of everyone’s Hokie P

University of Maryland University College

Why on earth would they not print the actual name of the school?

Wanted to share my video of the final song at the Metallica concert Honestly the best concert I’ve been to so far, the crowd was amazing and I’m soooo glad I went

It was a fantastic show, and being in Lane for made it more incredible.

I live so close to Lane Stadium that I could hear it from my front porch. Pretty cool 😆

So cool! One of the few times recording is completely understandable lol

Everyone I know who went said they enjoyed it! I am glad you got to attend.

Incredible.  Glad you got to experience it!

Amazing!  Thanks for sharing!  I've watched several versions of this today and am still enjoying every single one!  :-D

Lmao I see myself in this footage

https://preview.redd.it/r6flh9yqknze1.jpeg?width=1179&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=abf7f5a5ab1b01a401fd7b16316850bb88b46559

PEAK!!!!!!

Epic for Metallica and the VT students and fans. 🤟🤟🤟

Epic ending to a concert!! One of the best I've experienced, and I've been going to shows for longer than I care to admit. 🤘😝🤘

My only wish was that somebody (James, Lars, Kirk, Robert ... one of them) would've given a much deserved shout-out to the Class of 2025.

So cool! Glad you posted it

I know that concert was stinky

I could hear it from a porch in Maple Ridge! So fun but hope yall wore hearing protection

As an audio guy I'm really really impressed at both the PA and the phone mic.

I didn’t think so at all, but I’ve been anime cons during a heatwave so I’ve been in worst scenarios 🫠

What’s crazy to me is they were not selling earplugs at any of the merch booths. It was insanely loud.

It wasn’t too bad. My kids got a kick out of it 🙂

I kinda forgot to even consider ear protection so my hearing was a bit weird at the end of the night but honestly still totally worth it to me

It wasn’t that bad comparatively to other concerts. Hearing protection still recommended obviously but it was so much better than other stuff I’ve been to.

I brought my own earplugs, but my friends who didn't managed to get some for free somewhere. We were on the field.

This show was pretty darn loud, I agree. 

But hey, if you ever do want loud-loud and haven't already, attend either a Def Leppard, Journey, or Dinosaur Jr. show. They'll blow your eardrums and leave your ears ringing for a few days!! 😄

UT Prosim is always the answer

Wreck it Wrona

This is definitely not true, I screw up most of the things I touch.

Please listen. Stay home.

Going insane at home and I'm not even 2 weeks in to the 24 it's gonna be

Actually this is the best time to go driving around! No one on the roads and low gas prices, hell yeah!!!!

People should avoid going to public when possible, but 67 cases in Virginia isn't enough to get me to stay at home. Will that number go up? yes. By a lot? Unlikely.

Enjoy it. Our parents are in their 70s and over a thousand miles away, so there's no quick or easy way for us to get to each other if anyone gets sick. Times like this make me really miss being closer to home.

^^^THIS. I love my family but there’s NO way I can stay here and do school and not go insane

Just don’t get out of the car

My roommate and I walked around Blacksburg. There is practically no one outside, so we are definitely social distancing still.

There isn’t even access to testing in Southwest VA yet. We have no idea how many cases are actually in VA.

March 9 the total USA cases were 546. It is 6500 at the beginning of today. You really don’t think it’s going to go up by a lot?

fitting username

Road biking!

https://www.wdbj7.com/content/news/Southwest-VA-hospitals-prepare-for-coronavirus-568785831.html

This says there are tests available, and the virginia deparment of health didn't report any positive cases in southwest va. Even if the number of cases went up to a a thousand and none of the infected people stay at home (which is very unlikely) there is a very small chance you'd run into them.

vdoh should update their numbers again by 12. But last time I checked they tested 500 more people with only 15 showing up positive, and it should be said that they are only testing people exhibiting symptoms

Testing is taking a while here. A professor on my floor goes to church with someone who returned from Europe and got sick, and he's been waiting for her test results so he can stop self-quarantining for over a week.

This is from a Facebook post made on Monday the 16th. I am not aquatinted with the original poster but I found this to sound accurate based on her other comments. The numbers of tests have changed since then but not greatly. 


“Okay, so I just made some calls because I was pretty curious about testing in our region. Here is what transpired. In each call, I asked, "if someone in my family has symptoms of coronavirus, can you test for it?"


1. Called Carilion Family Practice.
Answer: "We can't do that." Me: "Where do we go, then?" Answer: "I honestly don't know. Maybe you should just stay home, since there is no treatment for it."


2. Called MedExpress.
Answer: "We are referring people to the ER. We don't have the test kits here." Question: "Does the ER have the kits?" Answer: "I'm not sure, but we are referring people there."


3. Called New River Health District (phone number is very hard to find on the VA Dept of Health Web Page).
Answer: "The ER can test for it, but they will only do so with a doctor's referral." Question: "So, I need to go to two medical facilities and potentially expose everyone at both?" Answer: "Our health department nursing staff might be able to refer you. Let me forward you." ...

call was dropped...


Okay -- last installment. I finally got through to the VA Dept of Health. I asked about testing availability. She said, "what part of the state?" I said, "Blacksburg, where Virginia Tech is". She said, "ohhhh... yeah, we don't have testing in that region at this time". She then proceeded to tell me that we could go to the ER, but the ER would probably not be able to test without getting in touch with the VA Health Dept. She said, "LabCorp should be able to test later this week, so maybe some of your healthcare facilities can test in a week or so"


Virginia has tested 489 people as of today [03/16/20], in a state of 8.5 M people. Something is very, very wrong and we should be rising up to demand answers!”

This subreddit is a fucking hivemind. Respect on expressing your opinion and backing it up with facts. Anything that isn't typed by a soft, chubby 102 IQ redditor here will be downvoted. 

The raw truth is that we paid tuition and we're paying rent; to pay this enormous some to have to take classes and be at home is an enormous front on whatever it even means to have a college education. Moreover, it's also a Professor's duty to protect himself or herself; this idea of "we can't go outside because an old person might get it" is healing this massive social responsibility onto the young. Social distancing should be practiced, for sure, and the elderly should be protected, for sure - at the same time, if Johnny decides he wants to grab a pizza or go to the gym, it's not his duty to protect Lisa the 60 year old accountant. Lisa also has to stay at home, protect herself, order groceries from online, etc. We can't expect Johnny to avoid all contact with everyone and move home forever - there's a responsibility for both parties here!

1. Asymptomatic people are contagious. 

2. First confirmed case in VA was barely 10 days ago. With incubation of 14 days and already a rise this quickly should tell you these numbers will go up. A lot.

It appears that the state health officials overstated how prepared they were, that being said, I feel like the post you mentioned might have had a different response if they had went through their insurer or said they were exhibiting symptoms. I understand that there are some people who are asymptomatic, but among the people who are exhibiting symptoms few of the tests come back positive. If by chance you do end up exhibiting symptoms its a matter of isolating yourself for a couple of days and treating it as you would a cold. I get why people are choosing to stay home, but if you plan on social distancing it shouldn't make a difference where.

Fall 2019, freshman year, happy times :)

I miss going to DX at 1am in the 30 degree weather

It seems just like yesterday, but also like 10 years ago.

Ah the before times

I hope we get a real fall this year. Last yeas seemed to last about 3 days and then it was cold

The trees on campus are on another level. Miss them.

I miss 2019

pretty:(

Great picture! Nothing like a VT fall to make you miss having seasons.

Feel for y’all.  It’s a great place. Hopefully all of this is over soon.

Main egg <3 I lived there back when it was an all girls dorm

I used to love walking by Hanh and Davidson in that stretch of sidewalk. The trees kind of canopy in October and change colors before the leaves fall off. Good times.

I miss main egg! What was the date of this photo? Want to do one of the hikes when they all look like this

I don't miss being forced to wait outside DX at 3am after it closed in 7 degree weather because some idiot can't cook.

picture this: it’s 1:45 am on a brisk saturday morning. you’re baked out of your mind in your dorm. The munchies hit you. You look at the clock and say to yourself “fuck DX is closing soon”. You put on your jacket and walk hastily to DX to pick up corn dog nuggets, a pizza, and a peace tea. You get back to your dorm where your roommate is waiting for you with Super Smash Bro’s loaded on his switch. He says to you, “Wanna smash, bro?”. Life is good.

I do that all the time, currently a sophomore

I honestly read it as 2009, which was my freshman year, and definitely brought back some memories.

BC (Before Coronavirus)

Yeah that’s exactly what it felt like

Hopefully, we’ve had more rain this year compared to last year. That really makes a difference.

19th October !

You ever get 3 in one night?

~~Would you like to speak to the manager?~~

Trust me all it ever fucking does it rain

Oh sorry I wasn't referring to the DX people can't cook I meant someone in the dorms can't cook and caused a fire alarn.

DX is honestly better than they have any right to be. I miss the breakfast sandwiches

Ah ok, miscommunication. Happy to withdraw my sarcastic jab.

Breakfast sandwhiches at DX were litttt

I mean I would like to speak to an RA

Did anyone notice this? Is it related to magnetic storm?

This is indeed the Northern Lights, and is due to the solar storm.

[Could be Northern lights](https://www.cbsnews.com/news/maps-northern-lights-forecast-us-aurora-borealis/)

is it still happening?

That's so cool. Good luck to me in the middle of town trying to see anything.

Where are they visible?? I’m just visiting town for graduation, and can’t see them near my hotel…

For anyone that’s wanting to see the lights, you’ll have to get out of town proper and head away from the light pollution. 

Rain clouds are overhead for the next half hour or so. Hopefully they clear with enough time to still catch the tail end of the lights.

Hi. This is caused by charged particles from the sun called coronal mass ejections interacting with Earth’s magnetic field.

Yo, where this @? Trying to find places without light pollution rn is proving Hella difficult

Should be happening tonight to due to the crazy number of solar flares and cmes the past few days

Beautiful

Yes. I work on a space weather satellite for NOAA. The lead scientist that I work with told me the other day that it would likely be visible from many parts of the world (and it was).

Yes

Yes! I think they’ll keep going to a hour or so after midnight. You’ll want to be in a low light area, let your eyes adjust for a bit, and wait for any clouds to pass by. Also your phone will pick up more of the light than your eyes will.

You could go to the rear pavilions at heritage park, it gets pretty rural pretty quick, and it’s only 10ish minutes from campus. There weather isn’t great right now, but if it clears up I think you could find a good spot somewhere around there.

I was on a huge hill in Christiansburg and Blacksburg looks like a spotlight behind the mountain.

There’s a very unfortunate amount of cloud coverage right now, which is probably why you can’t see them. I’m going to stay up a few more hours and hope they pass. They were pretty cool when I got to see them around 10pm

You can use [this map](https://www.lightpollutionmap.info/#zoom=7.11&lat=37.6708&lon=-80.4555&state=eyJiYXNlbWFwIjoiTGF5ZXJCaW5nUm9hZCIsIm92ZXJsYXkiOiJ3YV8yMDE1Iiwib3ZlcmxheWNvbG9yIjpmYWxzZSwib3ZlcmxheW9wYWNpdHkiOjYwLCJmZWF0dXJlc29wYWNpdHkiOjg1fQ==) to help you find a darker area

where’d you find out it’d last till 1?

thanks! heading rn

campus seems terrible so i’m heading here

Also I was able to see them in a neighborhood with no street lights

https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2024/05/10/northern-lights-aurora-when-time/73638964007/

I’m definitely not an expert on this, I just got lucky that I looked outside at 10pm. It seems like the show is over now though, I can’t see anything anymore. I’ve seen some websites that said the lights might be visible Saturday night also, but idk. I’ll be looking tomorrow night, and if you didn’t get to see them tonight, I wish you luck

thanks man! I just arrived on foot just in case it’d start again, is it blue or is that just light pollution?

My guess is light pollution, it was green and magenta when I saw it. There was definitely a bit of light pollution where I was, but it was still able to shine through. I really hope you get to see it!

i think imma pack it up for tonight it’s spooky af out here, any idea when it starts tomorrow?

I’m not 100% sure it’ll happen again tomorrow, but I’m going to keep an eye out around 10, that’s when I was able to see them today

damn okay well lmk if it does

i just checked the 30 min forecasts and it seems like around 8 pm was by far the most visible time for us

Visited my freshman cadet son over the weekend... We saw Hokie football, Hokie hockey, and got a grand tour of the campus. I gotta say, VT has just a stunning campus. What a fantastic visit.

We're from the Memphis area, but I will say that we are falling in love with the Blacksburg area.

https://preview.redd.it/e0144e57ncxb1.jpg?width=4032&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=181ee9cdd3a99619f70cdf862ba61d2df9b7cdd2

https://preview.redd.it/uninub87ncxb1.jpg?width=4032&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=216f10d643020fa92d3bccf10ed85f958ab30bdd

https://preview.redd.it/fg5mw397ncxb1.jpg?width=4032&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=0446994a9961b7c7abfcfd00c0d1e2876c5ab28b

https://preview.redd.it/x3hi4t27ncxb1.jpg?width=4032&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=97c8bcb763babf37a5fe16732da5cc7a9feff508

https://preview.redd.it/v1wcq737ncxb1.jpg?width=4032&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=ed44c02511615f600ed645b48e401b1ee6f2de48

https://preview.redd.it/5ayjg667ncxb1.jpg?width=4032&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=f0f411062a590061acd93e57694040c819ff0a87

https://preview.redd.it/ztfv9d27ncxb1.jpg?width=1816&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=76e2d5db9e976efe0d409ad94edfc6c88d41fd7f

https://preview.redd.it/5s1n0797ncxb1.jpg?width=4032&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=f58b3a5098c834168910c9ec732185a24f8f78d0

https://preview.redd.it/5ucct7a7ncxb1.jpg?width=4032&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=0ed38aac8b6b150ca4684e31208468e80ae4ee48

https://preview.redd.it/3c6v9v47ncxb1.jpg?width=4032&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=c3d89c04eb71d45ff6e60da7add178317cc7eb5a

https://preview.redd.it/or8kjd67ncxb1.jpg?width=1816&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=aaeaaeade5479ad1651d755ab155a07bde5fcab8

https://preview.redd.it/i2eaqk57ncxb1.jpg?width=1816&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=da52b164f48527d2d604a90ea085d30485e3970e

https://preview.redd.it/s0f71e97ncxb1.jpg?width=4032&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=a5b8831516f2cc07f3312c48f79cb16e36c4e122

https://preview.redd.it/uzhy6067ncxb1.jpg?width=4032&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=3e53d0c96a4ab29c5da818b17c58a596e7feaddc

Nice looking photos!

My last fall in Blacksburg was 6 years ago. This is making me miss it bad <3

Glad you enjoyed! As a former cadet myself, I can say your son will get a unique insight into VT and it's history as well as be a part of it.

As a current cadet, encourage your son to stick it out. I sent the emails to drop after New Cadet week, and my father drove 2.5 hours down out of the blue to encourage me to stay and stick out the year. So glad he did. Sticking with it is top 5 best decisions I’ve ever made

Fall is certainly the most beautiful time of year in Blacksburg.

Very nice photos!

Wow these photos are amazing!

Thanks for sharing these…..nice pics

It's not cloudy and raining.  I don't believe you.

[deleted]

The campus has always looked so “majestic” to me …the fall colors come this time of year. It’s all so beautiful

As a cadet alumni, it makes me happy to see families sharing the same experience my family and I had. My folks had season tickets and drove from Pittsburgh for all the games. So many good times spent together.

Graduated May 2017, still miss it 💕 


Great pics!

Where is the ice skating place?

hi fellow tennessean! i’m from the Nashville area :) it’s beautiful here

wait this made me miss it :(((( -class of 2021

Don’t forget Montgomery county being Lymes disease capital..

lol this isnt facebook

Me too. Then I remember it's followed by winter.... 🥶❄️

He's definitely in it for the long haul. Of course he rolls his eyes at the BS (both me and his mother are ex-USAF, so at least we have been able to provide some wisdom into the tactics of military training), but he doesn't hate it. Our biggest message is for him to remember that none of the yelling and punishments/revoking of privileges is personal...it's just part of the process.

He's there on a full-ride USAF ROTC scholarship so he really can't quit, but he chose the Corps of Cadets and VT over every other school with a USAF ROTC program knowing full well that it would be challenging. I honestly think that's what he wanted: The challenge.

And now that he's in White Phase, he still rolls his eyes at the BS, but at least he can left face while dragging in the dorms now, lol. We constantly encourage him and send him positive messages (and boxes of food and other assorted goodies.)

Good for you!

I wish...just a lowly Galaxy S21 with a clean lens.

They play in Roanoke (Vinton) at the Lancerlot Sports Complex.

Fuck off nerd

Reddit moment

Glad to hear. As someone who is prior enlisted, I have so much more respect for someone who chooses an SMC like VT over some place like JMU. Most ROTCs just play Army dress up once a week, SMCs like here you willingly submit yourself to humiliation. The BS here is not much different from what enlisted go through at basic. Very glad to have him here. What company is he ratting?

He's Lima Company. 

And yeah, my wife and I are both prior enlisted (me: USAF 90-97, her: USAF 92-95) and some of the stuff he's told us they had him doing made us laugh - like, yep...sounds about right for BMT. 

We also told him that once he gets his commission, he'll be in a different world as far as how he is treated vs. enlisted folks.

Lol sometimes I miss freshmen year just cause of the crazy dumb stuff we had to do. Sucks in the moment but it forms great memories and lifelong friendships. Im in Charlie so will probably never run into him but will keep my eyes open

VT be like

Obviously, this is being done so SB doesn't become a universal superspreader event.

That being said - Just cancel SB and end the semester early. 
The scattered days off might work on paper but it's just an incredibly lame, tone-deaf reaction to public pressure.

GO HOKIES!

Absolute bullshit and I’m not even a student at tech yet.

What if everyone protested or signed a petition or something

High quality meme here

Honestly, I'd rather just not have spring break and have classes end one week early or start one week late

That’s what I’m saying...it’s a decision we’ll see at colleges across the country for safety, but they’re trying to pretend that the five random days off are equivalent to one straight week off.

I don’t think they realize that most classes can be completed anywhere since they are mostly online. I know people who travel regularly between Bburg and other areas. Splitting it up so people don’t travel won’t do anything, people already travel.

You can still catch covid walking outside in Blacksburg, cancelling a week off won’t stop covid from existing

Don’t fall into the trap fam

http://chng.it/LMPdk4mGhB here’s the change.org petition

Yeah cus signing petitions always work... smh

It’s so stupid especially since teachers still feel the need to assign work due on those random days off

Guess the thought is people might not party for a solid week at a beach town if they have classes all week. Bad idea altogether.

I bet a ton of colleges will do this or just cancel SB  all together.

Yeah. That’s not going to happen. Everyone has been cancelling spring break. Most aren’t giving the extra days off during semester at all. This is a covid thing not a “tech trying to intentionally piss people off” thing.

Let's stop posting change . Org bogus acting as if it has ever done anything at all lol

...and here's another: https://www.change.org/p/tim-sands-reinstate-spring-break-at-virginia-tech

plenty of colleges have already cancelled. Most are appending "spring break" to winter break or ending the semester early.

Anyone who thought there would be a normal spring break this year was delusional.

Uh, are they ever trying to intentionally piss people off?

Even from a COVID perspective it’s a fucking stupid ass decision

Email the board of visitors secretary, BOV student reps, sands, and Shushok yourselves. That’s what I did. One student rep replied. Nobody else so far.

Nah. People just act like they’re doing it to intentionally hurt students. Was more meaning this is a circumstance of trying to do the most with a terrible situation. Have to do random 5 days because of things like labs because if you miss 5 mondays or fridays you’re missing like 5 weeks of some classes etc

Why is it stupid from a COVID perspective?

Every student who is willing to travel during a pandemic is going to do so regardless of a scheduled break or not, seeing as classes can be attended virtually from anywhere at the moment. Guarantee we’ll see plenty attending classes from a beach for a week during spring.

And additionally, why the hell are half the days in the middle of the week? At LEAST make them on fridays so we get a long weekend. There’s ZERO reason to make those days in the middle of the fucking week. So no matter how you slice it, it’s stupid. 

Furthermore, and this is a personal reason, I need my spring break to help with spring harvest on my family’s farm. If I don’t we stand to lose the whole place, and thus I’d have to drop out of college.

So again, stupid decision from every angle.

Because the more long weekends the more travel which is exactly what they're trying to prevent.

I photoshopped our new DC into Hokies Gear to see what he would look like

pry’s a great dc. not so much hc but that’s okay bc he’s dc now

I’m pumped he’s back in this role. He’s been successful DC across multiple programs for over a decade. I think as a fan base everyone has acknowledged that he seems like a great guy who the players liked who was just in over his head at the HC position. Franklin and Pry is a proven winning combo and it would be difficult for me to get more optimistic about the direction of this program. Cuz dang a month ago things seemed dire.

I can tell this is a photoshop because of the pixels

This guy has a sense of humor.

  
Glad to see Pry on staff! He represents Hokie culture better than anyone save maybe J.C. Price.

I think we gotta lean into "In Franklin, we trust" here. In addition to being a VT alum/superfan, I'm also from Boston and when the Pats decided to bring back Josh McDaniels as OC, there was sooo much turbulence because of his failures as a head coach...granted, he wasn't a HC for the Pats, but it still brought a lot of hate...truth was, the dude was/is an elite OC and just couldn't make it work as a HC...I'm hoping it's a similar situation here. Go Hokies!

Nah. Looks like AI. Doesn’t look real at all

[deleted]

He’s a top notch DC.  3/5 years at PSU he was top 10 total Defense.  That said, D was even better after he left (Manny and Tom Allen).

I'm a UVA fan and don't know why I'm getting served this sub, but I am literally sitting here in my office giggling reading this.

Oh right, and at the last Pry game, students were tossing bottles and beer cans at Lane Stadium. 

Hm really shows the safety Rhino Services and police departments are doing for public safety at the football games.

Yep! Dude is passionate for VT and no lag time in a DC trying to learn want Franklin wants

For another good NFL comparison, Vance Joseph was a pretty rough HC for the Broncos, and he's tearing it up with one of the best defenses in the league right now.

yeah he’s a good dc and recruiter….

My first thought was because he was a DC under Franklin at Penn State. 

My very close second guess revolved around this: If VT hires Pry back, do they have to pay out that $6M? Since he's now technically an employee again?" 🤔

[deleted]

He was the DC under James Franklin at Penn State from 2016-2021. Penn State’s defense was frequently top-10 nationally during that time period, and top-5 in sacks per game and tackles for loss.

He was also co-DC at Vanderbilt from 2011-2013 and co-DC at Penn State from 2014-2015, both with James Franklin as HC. The two of them are long time friends and have great chemistry on the field.

Good enough that Penn State fans were upset when he left to become our head coach

No lag time in someone learning the defense Franklin wants

Also saves a lot of money that will be available for other coaches and players

So they don't have to pay him his multi-million $$$ buyout?

No, they don’t have to pay his buyout AND pay a separate defensive coordinator salary (assuming his contract has an offset)

Dude must love coaching and love VT to be willing to forfeit that huge buyout and take a massive pay cut to stay on as DC.  I'd take the buyout and retire to someplace warmer than Blacksburg.  LOL

Virginia Tech women’s basketball advances to their first Elite Eight in school History!

Gutsy win, weathered the press and rally of Tennessee. Onto Monday!!

What a game too!  Amoore had some awesome game-saving plays.  MVP for sure.

[Mood](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Frnvwc6XoAE3Eh9.jpg)

I love this team

Congrats!

CONGRATS!!

Props to the HOKIE fans representing in Seattle!!!!

Let’s go

Such a good team. Also gave me a heart attack when they got it to within one. I've been traumatized from watching VT FB and MBB

Congrats.  Also they are lucky that they won’t encounter USC until the finals.

I think you mean USC is lucky they won’t have to face VT until the finals

Ground Bork Look at the price on the ground bork they have at Food Lion on Prices Fork.

> ”food lion”

kroger brand bag casually sitting right there 😐

That's actually at ghetto (ucb) kroger

this lowkey gas for meatballs

Prices Bork 🤔

Beef and Pork blend for $1000 Alex (or Ken)

When the Swedish chef forgets to pay the mafia

🅱️ound 🅱️ork

[removed]

https://preview.redd.it/rbbqhp9nyrne1.png?width=498&format=png&auto=webp&s=faf318898b552ad311ed89e1b97d8b578b8984fb

That’s some shood git!

This is not the first time, I see it every time it’s on sale.

Ground bork at the Food Loin.

Lol that's funny. This at Gucci Kroger?

Uhh it's Kroger not food lion . .

Yeah I went both places and hastily named the second store I went to yesterday

Yep, my go to.  $3.50 a pound is great for this use!

No, it's actually off of University City Poulevard.

Ground Björk 🎤🎶 RIP

Ruff way to find out about your pal.

Yeah I really borked the title

It's Bork, not Pork

I stock these empty shelves

On the Borkevard of Broken Meats

Before the dark times pt. 4

Except it is permanently under construction, so really they have some really nice rafters.

they have a wot?

The fuck’s a rotunda, some yuppy bullshit that I’m too real™️ to understand?

upvote for non-covid

This is hilarious, great meme.

So did my high school, and like UVA nobody cared except our principal who had the lights on 24/7

I don’t even know what that is

I mean I'm no Hoo but rotundas are pretty neat

It's a room with an elliptical (ovular) shape. The cool thing about it is that the elliptical shape makes it so if two people are standing on opposite sides of the room, person A can whisper and person B can still hear it.

The bad thing about rotundas are that it's more examples when you have to study conics.

Trademarked: James "Too Real" KSK13

did you got to TJ

Your username is something else

Fuck yeah bitch

Yea lol

knew it 😂

TOTS 1980s

Where's the staff collecting the penis tax?

I can smell this picture.

Purveyors of the Rail, of which I have only hazy memories.

Least used Pepsi machine in history

So did they change the entrance?

If those stairs could talk...

"More experienced" Hokies will remember that as Neily's Bookstore, a competitor to the on-campus bookstore (that was in the basement of Owen's until the new building was built).

That single parking meter is like a menacing harbinger of things to come.

ha showed this to my father '87 grad he had a good chuckle

[deleted]

Wow the paint scheme is so much better

Keep this going. I like this.

[TOTS wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Top_of_the_Stairs)

ha showed this to my father '87 grad he had a good chuckle

In the 80s a guy named Thor owned the bar. He looked a Thor. His thighs must have bee 30 inches in circumference.

ha showed this to my father '87 grad he had a good chuckle

It was “The Balcony” for a while in the late 80’s, early 90’s.

It was “The Balcony” for a while in the late 80’s, early 90’s.

Where are you finding these?! Family photos?! 😎

OH THE BALCONY - was there 91-95 and yes spent every Friday there for some beers!!!!

Where's the railing that I've seen 10 people puke over?

But they charge everyone?

Where the railing I've seen 10 people puke over?

A potpurri of stale beer, moldy wood, and foot odor.

Those bathroom troughs......effervescent

No Rail that I recall back then....just beer on tap. And the drinking age was 18!

It almost looks to me like the stairs in this picture could be the stairs that are now on the inside that lead down into that pit area. I could be wrong though

Yeah the stairs go up the front to an entrance where that left window is in the pic.

Now, you are going way back!   When was the on-campus bookstore built?  

My mom, class of '64, told me she lived in an apartment house that stood where the bookstore is now that they converted for use as a girls dorm when the population of women at VT outgrew Hillcrest.

Drove through Blacksburg in the 90s and it was The Balcony....but it was TOTS before and after.

OH THE BALCONY - was there 91-95 and yes spent every Friday there for some beers!!!!

OH THE BALCONY - was there 91-95 and yes spent every Friday there for some beers!!!!

OH THE BALCONY - was there 91-95 and yes spent every Friday there for some beers!!!!

OH THE BALCONY - was there 91-95 and yes spent every Friday there for some beers!!!!

Right, and the script lettering of the sign looked more like "Baloney"

Photo album my girlfriend made me before graduation.  We met at the bottom of the stairs in TOTS.  Ended marrying her.  🥰

These were days when Blacksburg and VT had way more hippies and ag student types. Totally different than the last 15 years!!!!

Entrance has changed since it opened. The viewpoint of this picture is from the courtyard across College Avenue by Squires Student Center.

Maybe. That doorway I think is the first door out to the deck and the back bar

The Extension Division Apartments (per an older campus map). The building was vacant in the early '70s and burned down. The new bookstore was built on the site and opened in the mid '70s.

OH THE BALCONY - was there 91-95 and yes spent every Friday there for some beers!!!!

OH THE BALCONY - was there 91-95 and yes spent every Friday there for some beers!!!!

OH THE BALCONY - was there 91-95 and yes spent every Friday there for some beers!!!!

Aww! Congratulations ☺️

Yeah the more I look at it I think that this staircase is probably gone and the deck is in its place now. The pit area is further back

Zoom University Meme #479

Yep, class averages on quizzes have gotten suspiciously higher

[deleted]

Cheat with no possible way of getting caught or don't cheat and fail an exam.

Hmmm

I like to call it “using your resources”

Deforms would be the absolute worst! Multiple choice A-J. 15 questions and I got J None of the Above for 7 of them

The same thing happened in one of my classes with 20% attendance quizzes at 8am which pissed me off cause it was an easy A type class.

A lot of people got good grades by cheating but one person got honor coded after reentering the quiz. Not worth it IMO.

I get your point, but at the same time, so many professors make the exams harder to compensate for cheating. In that way they're almost encouraging it. The students are such between a rock and a hard place.

2 computers = 1 on the test, 1 on chegg

Test averages seem to be lower for my classes.

As a grad, know that it'll make a difference eventually. I know the capable and the honest around me. Stay strong.

A lot of the standard closed book midterms have now become open book so of course the avg is going to be higher.

I've long graduated, but I admire this mindset.  I would rather fail with integrity than cheat my way through.

&#x200B;

It usually sucks, but it did pay off that one time when over half the class went to honor court because they copied the solutions manual verbatim and there was a mistake in the solution.  The first class after this happened was crazy, it was a bloodbath, they moved the class to a smaller room.

People complain to professors (I am one... not at VT, but I'm an alum) about many things, but they really should complain about this.

You sound like an honest and respectable human with good morals; have you considered graduate school? Join us at /r/VTGrads

Hmmmmm, is it cheating or people devoting more time and effort into work because they are more motivated?

I took that last semester and it was hard enough in person. It sucks for everyone that has to take intro + other cs classes online.

Is lindah kotut the prof for that class?

My economics class taught me something about game theory... If only I had studied and could remember what it was...

respondus monitor though ?

Or I mean, do what you would normally do and study and don't fail. This is a weird dichotomy you made.

Ethics tho

A big part of life is maximizing success while mitigating risk. You should try your best to learn the content because that's what you're at college for. That being said, if you've actually put an effort in and still don't understand, I see nothing wrong with using whatever resources you have at your disposal as long as there's no risk to it.

I've never understood taking the moral high ground in OPs situation if there's only positive consequences to not. Clearly OP didn't understand the content. Failing with integrity isn't going to teach them anything.

Warm and fuzzies are nice if you understand the content.

Sounds like a Hendricks test.

What’s reentering the quiz

Have you ever heard faculty share that sentiment? Just because the exam is hard to you, doesn't mean it's been made harder than in the past, and certainly doesn't mean the instructor is doing it to "compensate for cheating." This is a dangerous (convenient) false narrative.

Until you make a mistake with something on chegg. Prof slightly modifies a problem - or the prof plants a problem on chegg that is wrong. See you in honor court.

Curious, what happened with those who were honor courted? How do they handle that many students?

Yeah, we're not psychic. Many profs probably won't know that this is happening if we don't get told. It's really hard to know what happens on the student side. It's amazing how often I see the student side of canvas now and it's like, woah wait it looks like that? Where is X? Little things make differences, let alone secret cheating cabals.

Why not both?

[deleted]

The original post says "get a 24%", I was responding to that.

Well, getting yourself to a situation in the future where you can't do stuff, because you brute forced your way through earlier classes, that really sucks for everyone. I have students this semester in advanced CS classes who clearly can't do basic stuff (e.g., for loops, instantiating instances), and it's not fun. They got through earlier classes via hooks and crooks, and now they have to deal with failing my class. Sad as a teacher.

[deleted]

Thangjitham. I think he retired but he had to be one of the lowest rated professors in the engineering department. He used to be the department head for mechanics of materials. He wrote the final for decades but enough people petitioned to have all the professors share questions.

We had an attendance quiz with a password displayed til 8:01am

Clearly you check the numbers and if they’re off use the steps

I believe they all got an F for the course.  This was like a 70 person class, they couldn’t exactly expel everyone.

“Press X to doubt”

Why not Zoidberg?

Yea I have her for 1114 too. That test was a nightmare haha. Can’t wait to rip em during the SPOT survey

What's your perspective on it as a professor?

To me, it's just indicative they aren't cut out for a CS degree (or anything requiring it). It's their future on the line. They may just be kids, but they're old enough to decide to waste $80k+. Any company with a half-decent recruiting process will run the other way. 

There's a difference between students in, let's say Architecture, *using their resources* to pass a music theory class and students in Engineering *using their resources* to pass calculus.

I don't personally partake in such things (my poor excuse of a degree is easy enough already), but I empathize with people who do.

I think you missed, friend

I’m not honestly not sure what you mean by that

Double the monitors, double the score!

[deleted]

Broooo 1114 was so hard in person  GG

It's complicated, and half the time I think you need to look at the assessment as being garbage. Making exams is hard and most profs aren't trained for it. They just cobble something together the night before they administer it.

Most of the time in industry, you can Google stuff and experiment and get advice from others. When students can achieve things with help, that isn't necessarily a bad thing. The problem with cheating is when you don't really know anything at the end of it and couldn't have solved it without hiring someone else.

I guess my take is that my usual job is filtering out the students who truly don't get it after a semester, and otherwise to provide as many opportunities for them to practice and experiment and just put in hours with the material. Lotta evidence seems to suggest it takes a long time for people to "get" coding, and it's unlikely to land for most people after just a few months of rushed instruction. We need to manage our expectations and recognize that everyone's progressing in their own way and rate.

I have more thoughts but I'm tired and haven't finished my project spec. The real story this semester is that as brutal as it is for students, it's been equally brutal for many of us faculty. I've pulled a lot of all nighters and it's still been a terrible learning experience for my students :/

I did. I deleted it. Meant to reply below you.

But I agree with this comment wholeheartedly as well

They typed the password in after putting in once I believe.

If they're going to be entirely ignored, what's the point of having them? For the lone instructor or two that want feedback anyway?

In case you're wondering about housing

Don’t be ridiculous, the White House is way too far to commute to campus. You’d get stuck on 81S for hours!

Traci Cook’ed with that one ngl

If you could show that your felony is a misdemeanor past the statute of limitations and a mystery unproven other crime then you should be fine wherever.

do not go to Foxridge, they are outrageous, they told us for a 2 bedroom it would be 1500 without utilities and close to 1900 with utilities, me and my roommate went to "The Mill" in Blacksburg, its 1.5 miles off campus, right beside the good Kroger and we are paying 1130 a month with everything but electric ($100+/-) and internet ($25-$75 depending on student plan) 

so much nicer place and easy commute

FoxRidge is awful. Avoid.

All you can eat hamburders!

That comment is about as funny when Joe had a leaky leak from his bum.

With the new Amtrak coming, you should be fine.

[deleted]

Not that much further than Foxridge tbf

I see what you did there. Nicely done.

Omg I did the same thing. They told me 1300 plus utilities in the fall and then kept jacking the price up (at one point it got to like 2000) and then I started hearing how unresponsive they were to like everything and the office at the mill was so kind to me and accommodating and answered all my questions. I signed with them this week! Excited to move!

unfortunately every company that owns apartments around blacksburg blows, foxridge was at least one of the cheaper places for being sucky while i was in school

What problems have you had? Maybe it's just because this is my first apartment so I have nothing to compare it to, but I haven't had any issues other than maybe some maintenance requests taking a while

IS IT ACTUALLY

I had a random roommate in Pritchard. Nothing will phase me anymore

And just about as old as Foxridge too, a ghostly colonial child asked for my WiFi password back in the day.

I'm glad to see others going to the mill, i have one of the bottom rooms which is one of the best in my opinion

They were cheaper but the new owners started jacking up the rent

I’d ignore; people who say avoid (no explanation) have their personal demons to hash or are just unlucky.

Yes - with the new plan to have the station in Cambria, the project will move much quicker with an anticipated completion date of 2027.

damn. i guess i got lucky since i was only around for a few months when they first bought it a year or so ago. cant say im surprised tho, they charged us for their own stuff breaking in our apartment when we left.

Bingo.

Or maybe I know more than you but want to keep my identity protected. There’s a wild thought.

That’s as lame as your initial comment. What’s wild is you making excuses.

My last one. This one goes out to all my fellow Hokies.

This makes me sad for all the great foods that I haven't had since I graduated :(

who else here miss Homeplace?…

🐐

This photo reminds me of a little fast food Italian place that was near/in Christiansburg back in the late 90s that served up endless breadsticks. I can’t remember the name but it was cheap and mediocre, so exactly what I needed as a college kid. 

I have vivid memories of being amazed and disgusted by how many times you could squeeze the same breadstick with a napkin and have it completely soaked in grease. 

Glad to see you guys have better eating options these days. 😊

Damn that actually kinda looks good where is that from

The younger people might now believe this, but in the 80s, the dining hall food sucked. They served this fish all the time called scrod, and it was gross like most things. I ate on Owens for two years. Glad to hear you all get good food now.👍🏼

Flush twice... It is (was) a long way to Schultz.

Someone eat a hokie club for me!

Nothing better than chicken parm day

God speed

Overrated

GO CHOKIES!!  lol...seriously...don't choke...looks tasty

Origami hibachi 😩

The giant fucking cheap salads at Leaf & Ladle - I still think about what a perfect lunch they were.

Maybe absence makes the heart grow fonder bc I’m ending my freshman year and hope to never eat this food again 😭😭

do you not go to restaurants? lmao

If you miss Homeplace and are still in the area, you should check out Blacksburg Tavern

Fazoli’s! Loved that place.

I moved there in 2008 from California and had never seen a Faziolis. I literally called home to tell them about the cheap portions of spaghetti and unlimited bread sticks. No one was impressed, but I was sold.

Fazoli’s was the bomb!

Fazolis is a national chain and is still around some parts

Owens

Its not good at all

Or “Manager’s Choice” on Friday’s, where they cleared out the freezers and made a horrible mashup. I confirmed this with my landlord, who was a manager/director at Dietrich in the 80’s and 90’s.

I remembered the turkey tetrazini that we used to call turkey tetrachloride.

We haven’t had the club for two years. Covid ruined that. Hopefully to bring it back next year.

Yes! That’s it!

They are opening one in Pulaski soon I think!

Owens wasn't serving anything like that 12 years ago.

Listen here you little shit 

/s

It’s not that bad tho

I saw that too. The former Shoney's building.

Yes it was. I lived in Newman in 2010 and the pasta place slapped every day, especially chick Parm day

They had those bomb burritos though

Def did I remember having to serve too many chicken parms lmao, they're still using the exact same DELICIOUS bread rolls HNNGH

It wasn't thirty years ago, that's for damn sure.

That was my senior year so I didn't eat on campus all that often, maybe they had stepped out up some. I was more of a west end guy.

[deleted]

I was a big special teams guy. But it’s unforgivable what they did to my boy: the flips spicy chicken sandwich

I think I ate like 50 of those per semester and I’m not ashamed of it.

The spicy chicken sandwich?

Oh yea. How could I not, when it had a separate line that was way shorter than anything else? Best thing to get when you were in a rush. Two of those was a lunch for kings.

I really have too much time on my hands without any classes...

You're too late!  I already joined the facebook group "Storm R. Kelly, he can't pee on all of us!".

We townies stand ready to protect Blacksburg and its assets.

They literally did accept everyone woooooow

This needs to quickly become a thing. 

Let's flood the drill field and deploy ships there. With a strong navy in the heart of the school  theyd be forced to surrender. I'd they decide to fight let's send reinforcements on land and air(drones courtesy amazon). Let's do this.

Yea!
But go tech anyway!

What assets lmao - as a fellow townie

And as you stand on the drill field it will turn into a sink hole and you’ll all fall in because the drill field is slowly sinking

Been a pry defender, but it’s time for change

Yeah and Whit goes too…

I don’t hate everything Whit did, bball and baseball/softball under his tenure have achieved a lot in school history.

HOWEVER, football is king and absolutely no AD can hire a third football coached after the first two got fired.

Let’s move on!

That Vanderbilt coach looks pretty good. He costs a million less a year too!

I've been willing to give Pry until JMU next year, but after tonight I think it's time.

1st year was a wash, whatever it's a new HC and a rebuilding season.

When we went on a hot streak and finished our year beating UVA and Tulane in a bowl game I was pleasantly surprised and optimistic for the next year as 21/22 starters were returning.

Then 6-7 was asinine for being a supposed CFP Dark Horse going into the season.

This 0-2 start is fucking indefensible and Babcock and Pry need to be fired out of Skipper into the sun.

Was gonna say, maybe we can donate some Home Depot boxes for packing the office

VT football is dead. No matter what we do we will be relegated to the big 12 at best when the acc blows up in a few years. Its over. They will never be good again. Cherish the beamer years but we are done. The university doesn't take football seriously enough and will never invest enough to really be a contender. They squandered the success of the past and didn't build onto it. Fuente was a bust. Pry is a bust. The next moron to millionaire we hire will be a bust. Enjoy your lives, enjoy the campus, get your degree and make a good living.

God bless and goodnight

I’m really hoping VT does what it’s fully capable of doing and destroys ODU next weekend.

A loss there would be beyond embarrassing.

So far I can’t blame people for being frustrated with the utter and complete stagnation but genuine backsliding I think would send a very clear message about the program and a need for some serious retooling.

I wanted him to work out so badly, he started when I started tech and it appears he’ll be leaving when I graduate…but I genuinely will be so happy the day he leaves

Same. I was a Pry supporter until about 10pm last night.
I’ve met him and seems like a great guy. Just lacking in some fundamentals in football as a HC

Are there any other Beamers available for hire?

Beat ODU.  Beat Wofford and NC State.  If anything but 3-2 after Wolfpack.  Buh bye

Gramblin just got paid ONE MILLION to lose 70-0 to Ohio State..  If we're gonna lose, get PAID

They should start looking at options but keep Pry until they find a good replacement.

O

Got your wish...Fired!  Now what?

VT, where did all the money go?

Va Tech should offer the head football coaching job to Jimbo Fisher.  His record is an amazing 128 & 48.  Zero scandals.  And he left A&M with $77 Million in his pocket.  He is from West Va and loves the ACC.  

Va Tech boosters have raised $48 Million.  If we need more money and office space, I would offer that of Whit Babcock, Tim Sands, Charles Phlegar, and Coach Pry.  They have dug a big enough hole putting Va Tech at the bottom of the ACC in revenue even though the fans have packed Lane Stadium for years, and the boosters have done a wonderful job of fund raising.  

Finally, I would invite the Board of Visitors to visit somewhere else, but not ever in Blacksburg again.  

Follow this recipe, and I’ll see you at the top!  Go Hokies!!!

As a taxpayer in Va I’m pissed off.  Only Clemson & Fla State have larger college football stadiums in the ACC than Va Tech.  And loyal Hokie fans have been packing Lane Stadium for years.  The boosters are kicking in nearly $50 Million.  Yet VT is at the bottom of the conference on spending for athletics.  Where is our money going?

So Whit Babcocks’ last 2 mistakes; Fuente & Pry; is costing VT nearly $15 Million.  And Babcock is still drawing a paycheck at VT?  A number of heads should roll in Blacksburg.  The VT fans deserve so much better than what they are getting from the high paid figureheads at VT.  Also, the Board of Visitors are totally clueless.

[deleted]

I had been defending whit but yeah he’s gotta go

Yep, Whit has done absolutely nothing during his tenure to improve the state of the football program.

And failed to even maintain the level it was when he first arrived, which wasn't a particularly high bar.

Beamer is the problem.  If Frank had stepped aside for Shane 8 years ago none of this horror movie happens

Jerry Kill is the brains behind Vanderbilt.

Let’s poach him lol

We can’t risk that, jmu already thinks they are better

> Cherish the beamer years but we are done. The university doesn't take football seriously enough

Seriously?  This is the problem. We want Beamer. We don’t change

Vt mentality today is the same as it was in 2010 and 2015 and 2025

We didn’t change. Its now been 15 years, VT on the edge of its 2nd National Championship game

The 2011 season was the year it all showed on the field

20th-ranked Tigers scored 21 points in the third quarter to beat No. 3 Virginia Tech 38-10 to win their first ACC Championship in 20 years.

* Virginia Tech has won seven consecutive games and Clemson has lost two in a row and three of its last four. 
* Spread: Virginia Tech -7
 * Expect turnovers and pressure to be the difference. Clemson has only forced two turnovers in its last four games and none in its last three. Meanwhile, Virginia Tech has committed four turnovers since its last meeting with Clemson and is +7 in those games. Hokies Win If: They get pressure on Boyd and force turnovers. Tigers Win If: The team from the first eight games shows up.

>“We’re a championship program and tonight we added to a great tradition,” Clemson Head Coach Dabo Swinney said.

* Clemson football team since that game, has won two national championships (2016 and 2018)  six ACC championships and appeared in four national championship games and a record-setting 12 consecutive seasons with at least 10 wins and, with additional title appearances in 2015 and 2019.

We were better than Clemson, you can't say they had any advantage over us.

Dabo did what Beamer did not do and changed a Program

And we still want to see vt as Beamerball

This is so depressing 😞

As a husker fan I feel ya. We had 2 bad busts in a row from Mike Riley to Scott Frost- 8 years of losing football. We are just now scratching and clawing our way back to respectable football. Tech can and will do the same

Should we hope for an L if it will spur real change?

How's ODUs defensive line? Because we know our OL is in big trouble

Now we find a coach looking for a job, or poach one

Depends on what your goal is. You could argue the success of the Vick / Tyrod era boosted student interest and applicants and raised the general caliber of students.

Shane wasn’t ready to be a HC in P4. Plus he said he didn’t want it and be in his Dad’s shadow.

Kill is a football savant and incredibly underrated. Our football team collapsed when he left.

Ain’t no way we can poach him. We don’t have that swagger anymore

Thinks? They are better 😂😂

So…Beamer built a program, Dabo changed one. Big difference. Before Beamer there was really no fame with VTs football program. Even in Virginia, nothing more than like VMI.

Class of 01 here, my wife bought a VT flag and I begged her to keep it in the garage.

At least Nebraska is in a real conference.

Never!

If VT can’t handle a B-list Sunbelt team that even JMU typically beats the breaks off of we’re in some SERIOUS trouble.

I did my undergrad at JMU and I remember beating them a lot. VT’s an ACC team that’s one of the big four conferences Sunbelt teams shouldn’t be a concern in the slightest.

Supposedly Fu and Kill had some kind of falling out that led to Kill leaving. If so yet another black mark in Fu’s record

Big swing and a miss

1962-1968 Total Record: 41-29-1

1969-1975 Total Record: 34-40-1

1976-1982 Total Record: 45-33-1

1983-1989 Total Record: 49-28-2

1990-1996 Total Record: 52-29-2

1997-2003 Total Record: 64-22-0

2004-2010 Total Record: 72-21-0

2011-2017 Total Record: 58-32-0

2018-2024 Total Record: 40-42-0

But way to stick to the script on VT, Still wanting to think of Beamer. Still don’t change

That lack of change is the problem. Back around 2008 - 2012, Clemson Football and VT Football were equals to the Fans at VT. 

No one cared about being equals with UVA and ODU 
-----

* Thats half the issue the last 10 years

We had the same fan base and revenue and size. Clemson changed to win

Just tired of sucking and mediocrity

You're new here. We've struggled with ODU. We're 3-2 in the last 5 matchups

Yea, winning fixes everything. When you're on a losing streak that coincides with the massive changes required to compete in today's NCAA it's no wonder you fall behind. I used to think VT was always ahead of the curve, but now I feel like we are doing nothing but reacting... too little, too late.

Oh no.

Yep. The problem is VT got bad at the worst possible time. Clemson and other programs got good at the right time and can ride winning into more winning under the new portal and NIL system.

Burruss Hall (style transfer filter+photoshop)

This is beautiful.

stunning, could you do this with maroon and orange?

I wish the entire campus was painted and photographed Van Gogh-style.

Midnight in Blacksburg

New zoom background!

this is awesome.

Wow super pretty

**hrmmm beautiful, this is.** 

*-erecthokie*

***



^(Commands: 'opt out', 'delete')

Great idea!

Not able to re-do the whole thing at the moment, but gave it a touchup in PS and [here ya go](https://i.redd.it/s6nrhl82ibw61.png)!

Current mood is more Munch's Scream, tho

Nice bot.

good bot

This is amazing! Great job!!!

**mmhmm pleased, i feel.** 

 *-IamYodaBot*

Thank you, Adam_24061, for voting on IamYodaBot.

This bot wants to find the best and worst bots on Reddit. [You can view results here](https://botrank.pastimes.eu/).

***

^(Even if I don't reply to your comment, I'm still listening for votes. Check the webpage to see if your vote registered!)

**much obliged!** 

 *-IamYodaBot*

These green containers are reusable by the way

noooooooo who tf looks at a hard plastic container like that and just thinks "this is single use waste". this was a hard fought battle to get them in dining halls! I know there's a gross pandemic rn but make the effort yall!!

Just bring them back to any of dining halls. You don't have to waste such a good sturdy plastic.

For goodness sake, why would people do this?

I was part of the student intern group that piloted to get these on campus. We did so many tabling events and meetings with administration to prove it could work. This actually kinda hurts to see....

Upvoting to spread awareness 

Also i’m pretty sure if you do the reusable option you save about $.25 per order which really adds up fast.

Who sees that trash can and just piles their own crap on it? Someone is going to have to try to empty that, and it's gonna suck. Just find another.

Fun fact from one of the turner managers: people collectively took a total of 22,000 of these containers last year and never returned them

They're literally called reusable to-go containers!

Don’t they charge your account if you don’t return them?

My Freshman yeah, one of my hallmates in Miles hall would get those green containers and stack them everywhere in his room because he didn't have a roommate.  At the end of the year, he had about 40 of those things, and he put them in the ceiling of his room and the 2nd floor lounge. They're probably still there

Sad

This makes me mad.

This is incredibly disheartening

The word reusable is visible on top

This is terrible!!!

Honestly asking, why are they green?? If they were clear I they’d be so much more appetizing and not as obnoxious. Plus, they are so BIG. If they were smaller they would be easier to carry around. I think that’s the reason most students don’t keep them

Despicable

similar note if you turn in a container full of mold you suck and also they're going to throw it away without opening it. turn it in before it grows a friend.

I remember when they got rid of the old styrofoam to-go trays, I got one of the new style paper boxes that they had started using, I had just orders something that had a lot of moisture that compromised the box and my food went everywhere. At that moment I decided to get a couple of the reusable containers and I used those for the rest of my time at VT. The only annoying thing was the token system that they had for keeping track of them.

And you get extra tokens in case you forget yours

Edit: Don't up vote, it's a lie! The tokens are dead!

Or at least take them home and reuse them.....

Human moment

Convenience.  It's become programmed into society's expectations for things to be convenient as a means of increasing our productivity while maximizing comfort.  Any sustainability effort that doesn't give much consideration to convenience will be a hard sell for many people.  This issue basically has to be addressed by behavioral psychologists, human factors engineers, and industrial/UX designers if you want to prevent things like this.

Hey, I'm sorry fam. As someone who graduated in 2019 and used those containers religiously in my four years on campus, thanks for working so hard to get them.

[deleted]

Right?! There are thrash cans like every 20 feet. That’s so lame to see.

Yeah... Seriously. That trash can is well past full

The fuck do you want them to do throw it on the ground because that's what most people would end up doing instead

Not anymore, it got too complicated to manage

Well now we know where 40 of the 20000 that went missing are.

They don't have token systems anymore. As far as I know there is no track of boxes and use of boxes is based on trust now. So last year a huge amount of boxes never made it back to dining halls. I recall seeing one in YMCA.

As far as I know they don’t have a token system anymore

They used to do it that way. Pay like .50 up front and then get it back when you return it. People wouldn’t get it because of the extra fee so they tried the other way. Now you see the negative

>The fuck do you want them to do throw it on the ground

Good question. Let's see if my initial comment answered that, though.

>Just find another.

Asked and answered, I guess.

I don't see why they just don't connect  it to the hokiepassport. Deposit  your tray in the machine swipe your card and have it store a digital  token on your account .

They lost over 80% of boxes in the first of not keeping track of it.

Edit: 85% during FY 2018-19 which equals about 20000 containers

They do use a tracking system and it uses barcodes on the boxes that scan and attach to your hokie p. If you don't return them, you do get billed for it. You also now have to pay for extra ones and I don't know if they even give you a free one anymore.

How does it work now? I thought the coin system would work okay

People arent going to go out of their way to find a trash can if the one their right next to is full

I was on the dining committee last year and this topic was discussed pretty in depth 
Basically it came down to the fact that students want this to be an easy to use system and adding any extra steps make lines longer. Dining services had apparently tried something where they worked with a software company or something to keep track of the containers but that ended up failing. So at that point they were like y’all are paying for it so we are gonna let it play out and if it’s unsustainable because of students then they would probably end the program. I think that there is probably something they could do make it better but I agree with their sentiment that at the end of the day it’s our responsibility.

Based on trust...

Maybe I just know better people

Why can't people just not be assholes and return them? God I hate the people on this campus sometimes...

Sounds... Efficient...

It's not just campus. This whole pandemic could be all but over here except for the people who insist on being assholes. It is our modern culture of "fuck you, I got mine."

Virginia Tech, the ACC, and Even ODU Should be Furious at ESPN The game tonight was one of the worst produced broadcasts I’ve ever seen. Microphones were grainy, sound balancing was off, no first down/line of scrimmage overlays, poor camera work, very few instant replays, and just really bad commentating. Just seemingly amateur production quality.

I get that ODU Vs VT isn’t a power match up, but this level of production was something I’d expect from the CW or MASN, not a multi-billion dollar sports media conglomerate.

The game was on CW last week and it was better

This reminded me of a small town tv station covering high school football. I didn’t pay $10.99 to watch a game with the same quality as a middle school AV class production

I have a pretty insane home theater- and the game was nails on glass…

Up until the first break it sounded like one of the commentators had his mic lodged behind a tonsil.

Pretty sure since ODU hosted, their conference's TV rights had the broadcast. Which is why it was solely on streaming. Previous two times we were down there, we were on CBS Sports Network and ESPNU (i think). Huge downgrade this time. Since it was only streaming, we had to rely on ODU's in house camera crew, in their high school stadium. Blame Whit for allowing this joke of a series to continue. It's as minor league as it gets when we have to play down in norfolk.

I listened to it on the (satellite) radio, just like I used to have to do 30 years ago....it's fun to have to draw up what is happening in your head. Sorry you had to pay for that.

I watched on youtube streaming - I thought the quality was bad b/c it was pirated, not poorly produced. 

I've seen 1980s games on VHS with better quality. [The quality was so bad](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rlaiuyvYw4k) that YT didn't even cut it off like they do most pirated streamed games. 

GO HOKIES!

I was watching on Streameast so I thought the quality issues were just that medium

Everyone should take advantage of being able to listen to Bill Roth and Mike Burnop. They have been calling VT games since the 1990s IIRC, and you will be hard pressed to get a better take on the game. You won't have to listen to the ESPN crews mispronouncing our players names, and you'll get a healthy dose of VT history and funny stories. And then at the end of the game, you get player/coach interviews.

I always mute the TV, and use another device to play audio via Bill/Mike. Yes, it's a pain when the audio doesn't match up exactly with the broadcast, but IMO it's worth the quality commentary. 

(I know this won't fix the other issues people had, but it would address the audio/commentary issues.)

It was ESPN+, not real ESPN. ESPN+ games are typically games that otherwise just wouldn’t have been televised, but they’ll have some people (often affiliated with the home team) throw a broadcast together. It’s cheaply done, but that’s how you get a thousand different obscure games for $11/month.

Absolute shit. I blame the ACC more than anything. I was saying 15 years ago it was a mistake for our conference HQ to be in little ole Greensboro when we have schools in Boston, Atlanta and Miami. The ACC shit the bed countless times even when FSU, Clemson and VT were national brands in a better position for ACC marketing.

Reminded me of a high school football game and the crew were just the high schoolers in the TV/broadcast club

Honestly made me lose my respect for the Sun Belt.

Ngl, I liked the commentators lol. Felt like a couple of dudes in their garage and I dug it.

💯 was texting my buddy about the horrible sound, camera work, etc. embarrassing

It was actually really hard to watch. The audio balancing was really atrocious. One announcer was too loud, one was super quiet

As a side note I know ESPN+ streams NCAA lacrosse, baseball, and softball using the host schools talent (I think the talent is usually the schools Sports Information department.) It’s one of the things I like about college sports seeing the students running cameras and splicing video. 

In unrelated news most schools have camera crews assigned to their sports teams. At Tech the main camera guy is allowed to go places the rest of the media isn’t. For instance, they accompany the team from locker room to the tunnel to the field on gameday. They are also in the designated player space during games which is forbidden to all other media. Very cool to watch behind the scenes. Va Tech will then go through the pictures and create a series of photographs that they then sell to fans. It’s actually a pretty lucrative money stream.

Why were the TV timeouts so long yet no commercials on ESPN+?

Looked like 5 kids filming with blackberries while being 6 beers deep. Absurd

This was the first time the ESPN+ bundle I got with Disney+ did me any damn good.  So I’m not complaining.  

Also, I did kinda chuckle when the one guy said they gave that kid enough field to grown corn in.

It was ODU vs. VT nobody gives a shit about that game except ODU and VT fans

I couldn’t find any way to watch it other than paying 10.99 to espn+. For the price I was disappointed in the quality 

Anyways, vt is going to have to up the level when they start playing other acc teams like Miami, GT etc

Agree.  Watched our hs game Friday night and it was on par with the production of the VT game

I feel like it’s bad every year at ODU. This year was especially bad tho

This is why you don’t play road games against a G5 team. Completely embarrassing we would even schedule this game.

It was absolutely horrible. I've seen high school games recorded with better production than this. I'm glad I get the Disney bundle for free.

I could have done better with a few hours prep with an iPhone.  Was TERRIBLE.

Y'all realize that Sunbelt Conference Network produced the broadcast, right?  There is no one else to blame.  The ACC network has had similar problems but nothing that bad.  Failing to balance the mics for the entire broadcast is unforgivable and totally amateur.  A couple of film students could have done better.  It's not just on the sound engineer, any and all producers that allowed that to continue for the entire broadcast should be canned.

Don’t lose to Vandy and maybe someone on earth would care about a game with ODU. Vandy is currently getting their backs blown out by Georgia State

Because of cord cutting, people are not subscribing to cable as much.  This means that fewer people are forced to pay for ESPN , even though they don't watch sports.  ESPN is having to deal with a new reality world where only sports fans are paying for their service.  They are having to face the reality that other companies face every day and it's hard.  The cost of watching games will go up and the quality of the broadcast will go down.

I made a few CW jokes last week, but this week was next level awful.

I actually thought the CW broadcast wasn’t bad. This however, was like jarringly bad.

CW brought their own helicopter and actually had some really good camera work

I actually really enjoyed the CW broadcast. The ump cam and helicopter shots of Lane were really cool.

Agree. CW has great ACC-specific sideline commentators this year. Max Browne, etc.

Espn+ is scrub crews

As someone who has done middle school productions, I'm offended :)

lol I know, at least spitting on it

Hmm I didn’t realize any team had in-house camera crews in the era of network media rights for each conference

Sunbelt is a joke. I think playing ODU is fine but we shouldn't play down there. Go play at FedEx or Charlotte if you want spectacle to impress 757 recruits.

“Joke of a series” ok sure. This is VT’s first time beating ODU in Norfolk. The program isn’t what it used to be, I witnessed that firsthand (let’s go Braxton Burmeister am I right?). Sorry to say, but this is VT’s lower end competition nowadays, and they might beat us any given week.

Same, I love listening to the radio broadcast on hokiesports network or 105.7 the bear.

did the same - couldnt bear the tv audio

kinda surreal listening to the same announcers (Roth and Burnopp) that were there 35+ years ago...

GO HOKIES!

No it was the broadcast itself lol

Streameast was not keeping it up for me and would skip a lot. I missed a TD. 1% network on YouTube was better but the ESPN+ source was awful. It looked like a HS media project.

Sorry but who are these guys and where do u listen to them

I believe their first season together was in 1988.
 
I know there were there 1989.

While we have a lot of blame the ACC for, this game’s media rights were held by the Sun Belt since it was an ODU home game.

sun belt produced it because its odu home game

That’s the bigger question….do we suck so bad that even the ACC network won’t air our games?

Please have some respect. I mean it literally says please do not touch. They had trash strewn all over it.

How about you walk over and politely educate them on the meaning of the memorial instead of posting pointlessly on Reddit?

You. Don’t. Touch. The. Cenotaph.

There’s literally a ledge for them to eat at about 10 feet around that thing. I will never understand people like that.

Ugh when I was a cadet I went over there all the time to shoo trash like that from the Cenotaph. It's really sad.

I’ve gotta say, the signs are not clear in the slightest. I didn’t even know there were signs until now, I still don’t know for sure I’m just taking the commenters in this thread at their word.

I’ve actually been shooed off the little darker-grey platform by a polite cadet because we had club pictures over there and there is nothing, and I mean nothing that we saw at the time saying that even the platform surrounding the monument was off limits. In fact that’s what I thought the whole point of the platform was, to stand on to view the monument.

I know now to never stand on the platform, but only because a cadet had to go out of their way to tell me. I’m glad the monument is there and a culture of respect and reverence has been built around it. But we have children visiting all the time, international parents, high school students, and freshmen; we can’t expect these people to automatically know the history and culture of respect surrounding this monument without telling them. No one is trying to be disrespectful, they just don’t know any better. 

There should absolutely be a museum-style sign or clearer engravings that signify what can be touched and what cannot be. I don’t think it’d take anything away, Arlington isn’t any lesser for having guardrails.

I've confronted people before about it.

Hey guys can someone explain me what's happening here?

I fucking hate children.

Not meaning to be offensive, but why did they design it like that?  Surely they knew this would happen all the time

Ignorant fucks

Look at the babies that can’t read

As an Virginis Tech alumnus who has the name of a relative on that memorial, I can guarantee I wouldn’t be polite to these shitheads.

Losers.

They probably have no idea it’s a memorial there’s a sign that says don’t touch but it’s tiny so I don’t blame them for not seeing it

Notify Timmy sands put the man on 24h guard

So many people in the comments acting like it’s common knowledge. No it isn’t unless you’re a cadet. You might hear about it once but it may slip your mind especially if you don’t go to the pylons often. They most likely aren’t being disrespectful or dicks they just literally don’t know. As someone who ate here all the time, the signs aren’t that obvious. Yes this happens all the time but no it’s not because people don’t care it’s because THEY DONT KNOW. So explain it to them instead of coming to the comments on some reddit post and complaining about how you’d be a dick to them or whatever. When has that ever helped anyone

[removed]

Did you say anything or just post it to the internet?

It's not their fault that the school thought a giant brick was a good memorial statue.

Perhaps some barrier should be installed to prevent this

[Related info here](https://www.reddit.com/r/VirginiaTech/comments/btfh5o/of_the_millions_who_have_served_in_the_us_armed/?ref=share&ref_source=link)

i like to lick that rock late at night

Why'd they make it table shaped

But that would require human interaction

Happened to me. A polite cadet explained the importance of the memorial that I was not familiar with when I first got to campus. Never made the mistake again and told others when they did.

My first thought. Literally just walk over and introduce yourself- educate people about the significance of the ground they walk on and 99% of the time they’ll switch things up. People really need to start being more confident.

Yeah me, a graduated VT student had no idea what this was about.

Virtue signaling

I'm sorry but I didn't feel in a confrontational mood today.

It’s an honor code violation, isn’t it?

General rule of thumb, if you’re calling it a monument, stay off it.

They’re leaning on a memorial called the cenotaph that’s remembering VT alumni that ~~died serving the country~~ received the Medal of Honor. It has signs saying do not touch and what they’re doing is extremely disrespectful

Those are adults

Get off my lawn!!

And I have former classmates on there, I am 100% with you on this.

[ignorance is no excuse](https://i.imgur.com/1EhKYEV.jpg)

A little much, eh?

i think that’s a little much my guy

, said the giant prick.

That would detract from the site, and there are already signs stating not to be on it.

Or people should just have common sense

You can be still be polite about it, i'm sure some people don't realize why they shouldn't be standing or chilling on it

I mean, when does anyone wake up and want to have a hard conversation with strangers? It sucks, but if you feel strongly enough to post about it, say something. If nothing else, it's worth getting the practice in.

You are allowed to be in a bad mood but you should've educated them to not do that. It would've saved your time by posting this my guy.

None of these people downvoting you would have said anything either

Why is this vote manipulated? I too like to avoid drama whenever possible.

Hey sorry you are getting downvoted, that’s not fair.

the problem with society... a complete unwillingness to do what's right (unless it's on the internet where I can hide behind my screen)

Definitely not. Nobody is getting expelled over this. It's just in poor taste.

Edit: Why are people downvoting me? I'm 1000% right. The honor code is about your conduct in *academic* affairs. Rudely standing on the memorial has nothing at all to do with that.

I don't believe so

Thanks mom

I don't want your money, I got this just for youuuu. Keep your money.

That’s precious, I chuckled lol

hi drew, drew here.

My stats professor called me average I told him that was mean.

Min effort put into this post

You are well on your way to qualifying as a dad.

You know, Beast of Blacksburg has a comedy open mic every Sunday at 9.

Was it expected?

[deleted]

Take my upvote and leave

His perspective must have been skewed.

Did you ask for the deviation? I’ll think you’ll find you’re pretty standard

Yeah that is pretty rude

Did he also call your class normal?  Or was he more divisive and called them bimodel instead?

Still laughing at this.

But max confidence.

Just one standard deviation away-

I'm more of a power bottom on an inverted bell curve.

Best jokes I've read in a moment.

Update to my attempt to get my dog in Hokie P photo

Dog tax kiddo

[deleted]

[deleted]

Literally 1984

[not a dystopia not a dystopia](https://en.meming.world/images/en/thumb/2/2d/Living_in_1984.jpg/600px-Living_in_1984.jpg)

Damn that's ruff

I wonder how far can you stretch the self portrait rule? What if I take it myself because I set up a camera timer, would that still count?

Show us the pic you tried to use

Picture of your face with a photoshop of your dog in the reflection of your eyes. They probably won't catch that one.

I’m sorry but we need to see the pic you submitted as well.

I mean what did you expect? Good try though!

Take 10,000 pictures of your dog and use them as pixels for a self-portrait. At that resolution, no one will be the wiser.

Side note, they clearly do not know what “photoshop” means.

I need you to win please

Let us see the picture you tried to submit.

Come on OP, DELIVER

This may actually be the solution! One way or another my dog is getting onto my hokie P

Wouldn’t dream of it 🤝

ITS A DYSTOPIA

Self Portrait just means a photo of yourself.

Consider the dog tax [paid in full :)](https://www.reddit.com/r/VirginiaTech/comments/uxotej/in_case_you_wanted_to_see_this_is_my_dog_that_i/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3)

Or a painting of yourself

You're gonna go far, but not as far as this absolute unit of a pup

After giving it much thought, I don't think it means a painting of yourself.

You’re gonna go FAR, KID

What if it’s really good?

WITH A THOUSAND LIES AND S GOOD DISGUISE

This was my instinct but didn't want to call the poor guy kid twice haha

Unfortunately, I still don't think it'll work unless it's a hyperrealistic portrait.

Lmaooo. After commenting I literally had to go listen to the song, I couldn’t resist making the comment xD

I hate college

I dont even normally have classes on friday so all the spring break day did for me was cancel office hours

One day breaks aren’t breaks when you have 3 big assignments due the next week and have to work on them everyday or take the L 😢

I'm spring broken.

i have an exam monday, and i don’t have the courage or energy to ask for the teacher to move it up

10 years later and I don’t miss college. I like doing a workday and leaving work at work (but we don’t get long breaks...just holidays and paid leave). No homework or exams. Hang in there...it gets easier especially if you’re a STEM major.

Me doing my physics lab

Having been on the outside of college for a long time I can tell you that you have not begun to learn what hate is. 

Good luck on your class!

Major assignments due the day before Spring Day.

Major assignments due a week after Spring Day.

There's no winning here, lads.

Remember when spring breaks were a week long? Hokie bird remembers...

this one really hurts lol

I am in this post and I don’t like it

Lol some teachers had office hours

Is boss better than professor ?

Living in the unit operation lab and lounge for a summer was not fun

Depends.... hit or miss. You do have the freedom to find another position if it’s bad but at the same time there’s the luck that the job isn’t too stressful every day to dread it. Especially in government or government contracting (more money usually) its 40 hours standard a week which is a decent balance of work and life. I’m not a fan of working more hours unless you’re paid for it... there’s jobs that’ll underpay your market value and want you to work 50-60 hours a week. Depends on your studies though. Engineering and CS/BIT and IT are in high demand so you have more options.

It can be. The only thing I would stress is that b work is not acceptable. Take a little longer and produce correct work.

Yeah it’s not always fun and games but you can chill with your friends in the Cellar after and appreciate the fact that you are living in Blacksburg. 

ChemE’s do have it tough though. You have my sympathy there.

Gotcha!!! You are correct

Uhh no you can't? There's this thing called Covid-19....

can’t even do that easily with covid

I graduated in 15

Avoid Amazon though, just heard bad things about it back then 10 years ago in college and still recently today especially as they move into Northern Virginia. Underpaid, terrible culture/slave hours. 

Some tips: Don’t work more than you need to unless you’re being paid by the hour and can bill it. Or you just love the job which is rare. With salary, some employers want to squeeze you a bit more each week for free work. Criticize you for leaving at the end of your hours etc. they want you to stay till 7 vs leaving at 5  avoid those. 

Sometimes sure during crunch times it’s needed but not every week. I had that experience at a big 4 to know that’s not what I want. 1% or less last 10 years or longer in that business culture.

Thinking of all my fellow Hokies today. Never Forget. 🧡🦃

Can’t believe its been 13 years.

I wasn’t even a student ever but Jesus Christ my heart goes out to all involved.

neVer forgeT.  I need to go ride a loop around the drillfield...maybe 32 loops...

Edited after...In case anyone is curious, with very light traffic, 32 laps around the drillfield takes around 1.5 hours.

We will Prevail. We are Virginia Tech. 🧡

Love you all my fellow Hokies. I cannot believe it has been 13 years.

The emotion is still raw as ever.

I still remember being on lockdown in elementary school that day even though I was only 7 years old. I don't think I've ever seen more cops swarming that place than I did that day.

So true. I’ve been trying not to cry since I woke up.

I also remember being on lockdown, I was a freshman at the highschool at the time. I'll never forget the panic of the other student trying to get in touch with their families. Teachers wouldn't tell us what was happening or anything.

Same. I remember my teacher saying that there had "been some violence down at Tech." Understatement of the year, but obviously not good to panic kids.

I remember that I had plans to wake up early to work on my thesis, but overslept that day. I opened AIM and my friend told me not to come to campus; that a police officer had came through Cowgill Hall with a large firearm asking where Norris Hall was. I remember calling both of my parents at work to tell them that I was safe, both asking from what because they had not yet seen the news. I remember being relieved that I had reached them almost immediately, as cell towers became clogged and calls were unable to get out. I remember feeling utterly helpless and not knowing what to do. I remember basically staying at my friend’s apartment for the next week endlessly watching the news because I lived by myself and did not want to be alone. I remember going to hear Nikki Giovanni and President Bush speak at Cassell Coliseum. I remember the hundreds of news vans populating the drill field, and just wanting them to leave and go away. I remember countless volunteers setting up activities to keep us engaged as one Hokie family, providing distractions or condolences and hugs if we needed it. I remember calling my parents and telling them they had to drive down and see the walls of plywood on the drill field, painted and signed by students, faculty, and community members as a makeshift memorial. I remember my thesis professor asking if we wanted to finish out the rest of the academic year and offering that she would support either decision we made. I remember deciding not to give up, to stay the course, and remain Hokie strong. I remember the solemn speeches at commencement. And, I still remember to never forget. We will prevail. We are Virginia Tech.

I overslept that day too, otherwise I would have been in the CS lab in McBryde.  I didn't go to Cassell or even to the candlelight vigil cause it was all so surreal and hadn't fully set in yet at the time and I still really regret not doing those things.

Hmm, I didn’t know the president came to campus.  I was only 6 when it happened, but I grew up in the area and was supposed to be at Squires taking a cello lesson that day (my teacher was a student at Tech).  I never heard many details about it until much later.  No one really mentioned it for years.

I had a 10:10 AM class (Real time systems) in Randolph that day, but didn't end up going after hearing the news on Q99 while on my way in (was driving from out of state).

nooooo

[deleted]

When did they replace the maroon chairs and remove the stage?

Mannnnn I remember when everybody was throwing up chem class in there after the D2 party my freshman year

Can someone explain this?

Nice flair

Been like this photo since at least 2017

There definitely was a stage before, you’re not crazy.

If you know you know

https://knowyourmeme.com/memes/i-shoulda-never-smoke-that-shit?_gl=1

I can confirm it was this way since at least 2016. I definitely failed a physics final sitting in that third row.

There was a stage back in the dark ages in the 90's while my bio and chem professors used overheads to pretty much confuse the hell out of us.

No I don’t know, can you please explain what it means?

Please explain

Yes.  I, too, was a student in those dark ages.

It's a big lecture hall on the first floor of McBryde. It does not have air conditioning

pretty sure it does. I had classes in there in the august and september heat and do not remember it being no AC like my dorm

After tonight's game

Okay, Hokies… My husband and I love that y’all have so much fun on gamedays and other special occasions. We do not begrudge you any aspect of your fun as long as you’re kind to each other, locals, and the town. 

Toward that end, could you maybe find it in your hearts to look for trash cans as you walk through Blacksburg? We walk downtown along the Huckleberry, Draper, Main, and Preston, and we pick up SO. MUCH. TRASH. as we go—oftentimes just feet away from a trash can. 

The town is good enough to provide and maintain trash cans. Could you please use them? 🙏 #ThisIsHome

Common courtesy is a luxury nowadays. Completely agree with you.

Agreed. 

Unfortunately its always worse after game days. I feel like a majority of college campuses in the country also struggle with this problem which is disappointing. I will never forget working in dining services during game days. One day, some dudes from either PIKE or TKE completely trashed their table before getting up and leaving. Thankfully the women they were with stayed behind to help me clean everything up and apologized profusely on their behalf. They were three sheets to the wind but sometimes I wonder how they turned out after leaving Tech. 

Thank you for taking the time to make our home cleaner! Takes a village and its nice knowing there are others out there doing the work.

I started picking up cans and turning them in for cash since there’s so many around 😂

We came down from PA & did a tailgate in the lions lot last weekend.

MY GOD!

Look in college I did my share of crazy crap. Like Guardian Angel protected me crap. We were at UVa's midsummer's & midwinter's 4 solid years and probably responsible for over-stimulating a few frats there every visit in the 90s (just giving perspective since a friend went there, not trying to compare to UVa [they were lightweights anyway]). So I'd like to think I'm no stranger to a good party in my day.

I've never seen an entire community more hammered. We were handing out food and water to whoever asked out of desperate drunkenness - or even didn't ask but you could tell needed it.

Did our best to pick up the entire lot before going to the game but wow - y'all are hardcore.

Total respect.

I think it’s super black out drunk college students that are dropping their trash. I love walking over puke on the huckleberry after game days. 😑

I agree that people should clean up after themselves. That said, Blacksburg and Tech do an awesome job of cleaning up within a day or so. You don’t see any signs of trash anywhere. It is a well established process. I am always amazed.

What's worse, in a way, is seeing trash along the beautiful trails out on Brush Mt and elsewhere. I mean, you go out in nature to enjoy it and just toss your wrappers and cans off the side of the trails?

I live right off of the Huck and have cleaned it up day after for years. TBH its gotten so much better in recent years with the invention of BORGs

Well, that’s discouraging. Just sick.

Not simply discouraging.  That is outright disgusting.  There is no room in this world for that mindset.

I'm sorry you were subjected to that.

How do these people even get into VT in the first place? Disgusting

This was posted by the vice president of Equity & Inclusion at VT. This was not my dorm. I am an incoming black freshman :(

This is disgusting but it doesn't represent all Hokies or the residents of Blacksburg. The sentiment I have experienced here is inclusion.  WOC/Asian.

Any cameras nearby?

I was class of 2010. While I was there something similar happened to the BSA office IIRC.

what the hell?   why are so many people mad about diversity and inclusion these days?   how is that a bad thing?

wtf that's awful. in my 4 years I didn't run into anyone that would do something like this. sad. hope they catch the POS

This is in CID (it's got the custom whiteboards next to the door).  It's a damn shame.

Is this a dorm? There's gotta be security cameras. I feel like they could identify and hopefully expel the POS that did this, right?

In a school of over 40,000 students you will find a bunch of good, bad and ugly.  Clearly, you caught the attention of someone in the later categories.  I'm sorry you had to go through this.  I hope the perpetrator(s) learn that not all friends HAVE to look, sound and be like their dream selves.  

I just finished reading an excellent book entitled The Violin Conspiracy.  While I had difficulty imagining the types of situations and relationships in the book, I have to say, Ray's grandmother was a wise woman.  Stand tall, be proud and work to prove who you are!

Fucking racists. Pathetic monsters. I hope they get the person responsible.

Hopefully this is just another modern day [hoax by some self serving individual](https://www.thecollegefix.com/here-are-50-campus-hate-crime-hoaxes-the-college-fix-has-covered-since-2012/) that is certain evil exists everywhere but in them.

I'm sorry you had to see this and that it will affect the lens you approach VT with. Despite this, we're delighted to have you, and I hope you have a memorable and productive 4 years.

C/O 97 Grad here, white male. I never saw anything like that in my time there. That's disgusting. I believe most of us on the hall would have taken the offender behind a woodshed for a beating if we caught said person. The RAs wouldn't have written us up either.

If the offender is caught, said bigot needs to be expelled. 

For the black people reading this, I hope nothing like this ever happens again. It's a reflection of the person that did it more than anything else.

Bet $1000 it was done by a DEI advocate for clicks/clout, it will come out in a week or two

[removed]

This is probably a hoax. Just ask Wilfred Reilly.

That’s awful

Just from seeing this play out before...I betting it's a hoax

Dude def made this up, Jussie Smollett wanna be

Wow!!! I hope there is camera’s!!
Don’t let that low life get to you- he’s obviously jealous and ignorant.

Hashtag Notonmycampus

That’s horrible. The overwhelming VT crowd supports and loves you

To the OP: Inclusion will always win. I’m the meantime, learn to take contemporaneous notes. When did you see the racist message, who was around you, and did you tell anyone? Write every interaction down. Snap pictures with your phone of your notes with time stamps. 

Alert school administrators. Please let them know, you have contemporaneous notes, and will record their responses. 

Upshot: all of this is emotionally taxing. People kindly say, don’t let it get to you, but it can! It should. Why are minorities dealing with this stuff STILL? So, work towards documenting the issue and suing if necessary (that’s what the notes are for).

Don’t let them get to you. The world will hate you, gotta fight back. I’m sorry that happened, but we are here for you

Well this just made me heart drop. Do better, Hokies. Disgraceful doesn’t even begin to describe this bullshit. Unacceptable.

From NoVa, never met as many open racists in one place until I started my freshman year.

Edit *at VT

10$says the person did it themselves for attention....

That kid is so fucking cool! He was a officer of DECA. Met him in Texas. Dude literally took off his tie and gave it to a kid who didn't have one so he could go on stage to claim his award. That guy is literally going to be the next President of the United States.

People who do stuff like this just reinforce the need to push forward to make our society more equitable for all.

[deleted]

Re-thinking my acceptance now, this sucks

Wow. That is fucking unbelievable

Do you have any idea who it could have been?  That’s so horrible.  So sorry that happened. 
I can’t believe ignorance like this still exists.  
I hope these kids get what they deserve.

I refuse to believe this until the perpetrator is caught.  Too many hoaxes, and campus is way too open-minded a place.

Okay, Jussie Smollett. Sure thing

[deleted]

You think thats bad i worked there for a week and i saw not 1 not 2 but 4 fucking molestation cases pop up in my email because employees get police related emails for the school itself absolutely disgusting students there are a damn joke

People are tired of DEI, this is probably just backlash for that.

This was posted by the vice prez of Equity & Inclusion. I’m an incoming black freshman, that’s why I say “discouraging”; it’s definitely beyond disgusting as well. Jesus

I hate to say it but, some people are really good at making themselves look good on paper and then just being awful in real life. I've met so many in my three years here. And they last far longer here than you'd expect. They're like roaches.

People also have friends come through that didn't get in and party, then do stupid shit in the dorms. My freshman year someone had a friend stay over and when they got back from a frat party he drew some Nazi shit on the walls of the hallway. Everyone snitched on who they thought did it real quick.

VT is competitive to get into, but that just adds to the sense of privilege and ego these kids have about themselves. Moreover, for some reason VT is the school of choice for rural Virginia that fosters this kind of hate and discrimination all the while keeping up the appearance of being studious and hard working which people equate with good character.

Don’t rule out campus faculty, staff, and general people from the community. Despite being in a progressive college town bubble, you’re still in the middle of SWVA. There’s still plenty of ignorance and hate in those parts.

In the 3 years I spent at VT as an African American undergrad, I never experienced a single instance of racism. Don’t worry! 🙂

I was at VT for 7 years (two undergrad degrees and two masters) and I'm Black, and this is the first time I've ever heard of racism at VT. No hyperbole.

You're fine as a minority at VT. I made plenty of friends, went on plenty of dates, and never encountered any racism. VT is a pretty progressive place.

As the parent of an incoming AA freshman, I can tell you that racism is everywhere.  Do not let that discourage you! We’ve been coming to VT for the last 6 years and the majority of Hokies will make you feel like family.  I’ve gotten lost more times than I care to share and had Hokies young and old ask ME if I need help! I’ve had strangers offer to pay for a meal.  A random person pay for my gas.  I have felt comfortable leaving my son on campus whether he was 12 or 16.  For the most part, the Hokie spirit transcends the foolish.  💕

Don’t fight racism with racism. Whatever imbecile tagged this office just made it harder to fight DEI. Playing right into their hands.

I'm glad you haven't had those experiences but, your experiences aren't universal. I had a some white guy who lived in my building call one of my poc residents the n-word in front of me. I have seen slurs written on whiteboards all over my hall. 

I hope I don't come off as invalidating, and I'm SO glad you've felt safe here, but not everyone does.

Eh Glad you feel this way but YMMV is not enough of a disclaimer. Especially if you are some shade of brown lol

UPDATE: I have successfully eaten at Black Salt! A few days ago [I posted on this sub](https://www.reddit.com/r/VirginiaTech/comments/um49he/has_anyone_successfully_eaten_at_black_salt/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf) about wanting to eat at Black Salt before I graduate as they’ve never been open each time I’ve tried to eat there in the past. Well, the owner reached out to me on here and hooked me and my dad up with a free meal today and it was absolutely delicious. He even included a to-go meal for my mother which was so generous. This was a high note to wrap up graduation weekend and a reminder of what I will miss the most about Blacksburg—its incredibly kind, amazing people. My dad said it was the best burger he’s ever had and I have to agree. Please support this amazing local restaurant with such a kind owner!!!

This is the way...I too will be supporting this local establishment until I no longer call this town home

Black salt is the best chicken sandwich in Virginia

I'm honestly kinda embarrassed how often I order food here, it's the bomb

Went there for the first time last week. Everything was delicious. Super cool inside. Extremely friendly staff. 10/10 would recommend

if anyones looking for a part time gig and are reliable i’d hit him up for a job

Pior to this post I've never heard of Black Salt (I'm a parent). When I pick up my daughter, I will definitely check it out. Congrats to OP!

i found this place when i was at vt 3 years ago and everyone i ever talked to had not heard about it. its criminal how underrated and unknown their food is.

Went there for the first time last week and have been 3 times since. I am so sad that I just graduated because I barely even got a chance to go to this place. The owner is extremely generous and even gave me a free drink when I had to wait like 10 minutes (that’s nothing!) The food is absolutely amazing! 10/10 food 10/10 service. Younger people please go because I can’t!

Welcome to the club!

Well now i have to go before I leave town. Been here 3 years and never went.

Wait, where?  I go by Taco Bell all the time, but never noticed this place next to Italiano's!

Yousef is amazing!!!

Anybody else?

This but with

I am a Junior

COVID-19

I'm an Engineer AHHHHHHHHHHH

At least you got to have a fully normal freshman year and will again have a fully normal senior year. Honestly those are the best two years

At least your last 3 semesters weren’t ruined by Covid. Not being able to jump in Lane one last time as a student under the lights really hit hard

Yah, spun me upside down and sideways

Sometimes I'm lowkey glad I have to stay an extra semester to make up for it a little

Freshman to Junior year for me.  Hopefully i finally get to go to a party this year lol.

Graduating early, so for me it's "freshman year, AHHH SENIOR." I'm going to have spent equal amounts of time online as in person in my time here at Tech. This upcoming year, I will be a senior who has never really had a Spring semester and has *no* idea how college really works because freshman year is really all a blur.....

I’ll never know what a full freshman year feels like

I transferred in from community college to tech as a junior during covid. Only senior year for me

Yea but I’m graduating a year early so covid was half my experience

Yes!! I’m at a family reunion and people keep asking “how does it feel to be a senior??” And just this is my reaction.

Me but high school

Bro same.

Im transferring from the vccs system and i feel like the entire last semester is a blur.

Edit: misunderstood your comment lol. I'm an entering junior

Most of my friends graduated I feel like I'm starting from scratch this year 😭

Freshman > sophomore > senior >>> junior, in my experience

Get yourself some student tickets in East as close to the student section as you can with us alumni in denial

Not as glad as ur momma
***
^I ^am ^a ^bot. ^Downvote ^to ^remove. ^[PM](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=YoMommaJokeBot) ^me ^if ^there's ^anything ^for ^me ^to ^know!

[deleted]

Freshman year was ass because of covid

Also transferring from vccs. Glad this happened while I was here, not at VT yet. Would’ve been big mad.

Is junior that bad?? I barely made it out of sophomore and was looking forward to junior year

No don’t scare me

Hey /u/GenderNeutralBot

I want to let you know that you are being very obnoxious and everyone is annoyed by your presence.

^(I am a bot. Downvotes won't remove this comment. If you want more information on gender-neutral language, just know that nobody associates the "corrected" language with sexism.)

_^(People who get offended by the pettiest things will only alienate themselves.)_

Oh sick.

Engineering?

Junior year is bad so that senior year can be good

Mine was ass. Probably major and life event dependent

Wait was this person telling them to use fresh person or smth? Lmao

Environmental science, hah. Couldn’t stand the idea of going to GMU.

Yeah it was a bot

Zesty. Haha yeah I'm going to tech pretty much because its a beloved engineering school. 

I live like 1.5 hours away near LU. (But fuck LU tbh)

I’m probably 45 mins from GMU (which has a better env sci program supposedly) but GMU is dead I hear. Very dull commuter school. No thanks. 
Time to escape the nova area.

Lol yeah, Lynchburg is weird in that there are tons of people my age, but no way to socialize unless I go to Liberty. 

Which I aint gonna do lmao.

Although I probably wont make any friends no matter where I go 🤷‍♂️

Instead of working on my Senior Design Project, I made this

As a space fan, Hokie grad that was admittedly not an aerospace engineer, any chance you have a version without the title. 

You are probably familiar with it but there is a whole book on NASA font and logo design that makes a rad coffee table book[link to NASA Standards Manual](https://duckduckgo.com/?q=nasa+logos+design+book&t=brave&ia=web)

Yoooo, this is dope. I know what my new wallpaper is gonna be

Amazing! Do you have a high res version without the engineer title by any chance? Would love to wallpaper this!

As someone who did AOE then went to work for NASA after graduating, I approve.

That's awesome. Got a high res version?

Incredible use of procrastination 👏🏼

VT AOE TO THE MOON  **🚀**  **🚀**  **🚀**

Wow

Eyy, I’m in AOE, looks great!

That's beautiful

Lol I pretty much exactly did this 2 years ago when I was working on my ae senior design.

This would look cool on a T-shirt!

This is way better

Love it, but wish it wasn't so blurry looking.

We sure do love nuke bunkers

Space Jam
https://cdn.vox-cdn.com/thumbor/JfomObXZLrUJ4tjGT85VHuXgdpI=/12x0:719x471/1400x1400/filters:focal(12x0:719x471):format(png)/cdn.vox-cdn.com/assets/2504983/space_jam.png

How’s senior project going? Like in this age of Zoom.

Isn't this the project? Should get an A hopefully :D That's lit bro

Make one for every major! Starting with CPE hehehe

Fancy

[deleted]

That would be excellent.

Lies, they'rere going to profit off your idea.

Goddard alum, checking in!

^^^

**way better, this is.** 

*-Boring_Neighborhood*

***



^(Commands: 'opt out', 'opt in', 'delete')

Saint! Thanks so much and great work!

You should make and sell stickers of this (idk how the trademark/ copyright nonsense works but I'd buy one)

Thirded. Also paging u/rtphokie

AYYY! I was at Goddard too!

Hokies can be proud of their history with NASA.  One of the most important was Christopher Kraft who architected the way mission control rooms are run around the world.

[http://www.collectspace.com/news/news-041511a.html](http://www.collectspace.com/news/news-041511a.html)

Hence the Kraft Rd in Blacksburg CRC!

CS Department sings baka mitai

I have never loved a post and simultaneously wanted to delete it as much as this. Well done.

Someone please show this to McQuain

I'll show this to McQuain seeing as how I'm the one "singing' above him.

Well done, but I'm not going back & giving you a grade bump for it.

Wow. Dwight is still there. I had him as a teacher 30+ years ago.

THIS. POST. IS. THE. GOAT.

This is the quality shit i subbed for

Thanks, I hate it.

Upvote if Dr. Barnette just showed you this in CS 1944

Well you made it! Mcquain mentioned it during a staff meeting and we had a good laugh lmaooo

deepfake used for good

This is the greatest thing I’ve seen on here

Thank you, I needed that laugh

That's rad!

Please let us know what he says!

I know right?  He has his doctorate now.  Same w/ McQuain.

I had Dwight for freshman 1114 and he was a little cocky because he had been teaching for 30+ years but I actually really liked him. Just felt a little sad when he’d try to relate to us and then realize he was too old to do that and got visibly sad.

Same. Barnette for 1706 in 89 and McQuain for something, I think discrete math, in 90.

If that's a recent picture of Barnette, he looks the same as he did when I was in his class 17 years ago.

It's not, that picture is from his website, and it's at least 10 years old

Congratulations to Moose

What a good boy. Proud of you Dr. Moose.

He's got a dogturate

Pretty sure a dog receiving a college degree was a whole plot point in a Community episode.

He technically didn't graduate due to overdue library fees

(Community reference)

Is this the dog that was almost put down because Tech didn’t want to pay its medical fees?

I know students actually had to start a GoFundMe to help the dog I’m thinking about

Beat me to it!

Blacksburg ain’t playing!

[deleted]

This has been up for over a month now. I feel like those people would have already showed up.

When the town posted a pic on their Facebook page, people complained about the expense of making those masks and disrespecting the art. Ugh.

Lol they put hats and scarves on them during the winter. Don’t hear them complaining about that

I feel like art is supposed to be commentary on our world. Seems fitting imo

Good luck on exams everyone!

Thank you wizard cat

I hope yall kill it!! 💪🏽💪🏽💪🏽💪🏽 My best wishes to everyone!

Or don’t. Then drop out and the join the military like me!!! 

......please send help

Where was this wizard cat last Friday... :(

Thanks bud I need it

And so it is.

Don’t we all?

Just got my acceptance package as a transfer! Anyone know what kind of sticker this could possibly be? Can i put it on my car? I was soooo excited to receive this in my mail!!

And all I got was an email when I got accepted into my grad program 😐

Congratulations and welcome to the Hokie Nation!!!

Now make us proud of you 👀

One of the best decisions you’ll ever make!  Go Hokies!

Welcome home fellow Hokie. And yes it’s for your car

PRAYING so hard my son gets off the WL for this fall. 🙏😭🙏😭🙏😭🙏

Go Hokies!

Welcome home. 

Better start working on your turkey call.

One of the best choices I ever made. Congrats to you!

Ok don’t do what I did where you put that on the outside of your car and lose it 2 minutes into your drive. It goes on the INSIDE of the car! RIP my hokie acceptance sticker. Miss you!

Yeah it goes on your car, make sure you take the sticky clear transfer paper off because so many people dont

Congratulations! Enjoy your time here🦃

Congrats!!!! Also a transfer Hokie and year one is almost done!

Can you skydive?

Congratulations!! You will have the Best time, just put yourself out there! The days are long but the years are short, ENJOY every minute of it. Depending on which engineering program you’re in, you’ll need to study hard. Find a good group and you’ll do great!

Yes, it goes in your car window.  My daughter put hers on her back windshield in the top left corner.  It is still on her car (she is graduating this year). 

Congratulations!!

It’s a decal

that sticker is for your car, idk if its just clear or a backing (to position the letters)

I don’t think anyone’s answered this yet. The “sticker” is not a sticker it’s a decal. It sounds silly but there’s a key difference in how you apply it. You prep a spot on your car, lay the decal over the spot and peel away the white part behind it leaving the clear front then use your hand to apply pressure over all the lettering. After doing that for a couple minutes carefully peel back the clear part. Decals typically go on the outside of the car and if one of the letters stays stuck to the clear when you take it off you can retry. Also look up a video on how to apply a decal if you’re still confused. Hope this helps!

Did you get a good amount of aid? VT is my dream school and I got waitlisted. So, I’m hoping to transfer eventually. But I’ve heard the aid isn’t very good

Congrats how was ur fin aid package 😕 i got accepted and i still feel like i have too much to pay

That digital confetti was the best feeling in the world

Huh, i thought grad school mail acceptance packages. Do they usually not?

How long after getting everything submitted (the application, Letters of Rec, etc) did it take to hear back about a decision?

Thank u sm !!! Im so excited to be here!!

🫡

GO HOKIESSSS!!!

Alrr thank u sm!! CANT wait to put it on my car and flex 😌

Congrats.  Its for the back window of the car.

my bro also got waitlisted as a freshman, praying that both ur son and my bro get off the WL 🙏🙏

My daughter was wait listed when she applied in 2022.  She is graduating this year from VT!  She heard from them May 4th that year (of course right after paying a deposit and everything to another school).  That was her dream school and she is so happy she got in!

YAAAAA

🦃🦃🦃🦃

Thank u smmm

Or honestly maybe it does go on the outside of your car and I just had bad luck but I still would attempt the inside first. I feel like I remember being like this doesn’t feel like this will stay.

I see what y mean but it will be mirrored if i do that ;-;

Thank u smmm :))

Yayyyy

Can I? Technically yes.

"Days are long but the years are short" couldnt have been truer.. i will enjoy every minute !!

Thank u sm! Congrats to ur daughter too!

Does the clear part come off?

Thats so interesting, i thought decal was a type of sticker. The more u know! Im gonna try peeling off the clear part, i kept it on for the past few days hopefully that doesnt affect it 😅

I didnt apply

Virginia Tech is usually really bad with general scholarships and financial aid. Friend of mine went to Georgia tech out of state for the same price just because they offer more aid and scholarships. Best thing to do is apply to as many external scholarships as you can and the additional internal scholarships that aren’t the general application

You got digital confetti?! I didn’t even get that!

I didn’t get squat

No, just an email from the professor in charge of it saying you’re in. Source: was accepted to 3 PhD programs

I know law school applicants often get acceptance packages (I know VT has no law school), but for some reason, it's less common with other grad schools

Thank you!! Are y’all instate? We are and my son applied to Pamplin Finance.

if you’re missing a right shoe it’s outside of norris, and if you’re still in the tree you’re good at hiding

Imagine missing a shoe...and not coming back to get it 🤦🏿‍♂️

I have those same shoes and just checked my feet to make sure i was still wearing both of them 🤦🏻‍♂️

These are the exact vans I'm wearing right now! Fortunately, I have both on haha!

Who throws a shoe?! Honestly!

Raptured

Halftured

Awesome character development

Preview Post:

“I’m pregnant with my professors baby. 
Do I have to marry him (after his divorce) to get reduced tuition for myself and for my baby 18 years from now?”

They must take Ut Proism quite seriously

It wouldn't surprise me if this is just this guy's fetish that he's fantasizing about by writing stories about it on Reddit

Better than GoT season 8 tbh

Not to be that guy but it cannot be that hard to figure out who this is. :/

I'm looking forward to the AMA

Man I wasted my years at school. If I had known all that porn I watchef could have been useful...

It's probably all fake tbh.

What are you doing Dr. Professor Step Sister?!

Damn keep us updated

r/characterarcs

Sorry, faculty and staff at Virginia Tech do not get any reduction in tuition. So, it doesn't matter.

[I mean...](https://ibb.co/LnXVxDg)

I had nothing to do with it!

It seems oddly specific to LARP on a college subreddit.

I hope that's all it is.

[deleted]

[deleted]

[Actually, we do](https://www.hr.vt.edu/benefits/discounts/continuing-education/tuition-assistance.html)

Watching in the corner still counts...

I audibly laughed at this comment

Daddy?

All you gotta do is find out what professor is running the human sexuality pornagraphic video study and boom u got em.

Also we know it's a her from post number one " her house"

[removed]

Employees do, but not spouses or children. OP was referencing spouse tuition.

Aw, who told!?

Shhhh. Just pretend I'm not here.

Eh these are pretty serious allegations so I'd refrain from calling out any specific professors out unless there's hard evidence

One of her students?

I didn't alleged anything lol, I said this could possibly be someone who ran the study.

Well the implication is that the person who ran the study is the same professor that had an affair with the student

Your making some pretty large assumptions, for all we know the student mearly has a crush. I don't think anyone has said anything about an affair.

Considering the second post says "things escalated during a project" I think there's an implication

Mack From Atomic Pizza/Qdoba Wasup everybody?! Its Mack!  I've never used Reddit before but I just wanted to tell you all I appreciate all tha love everyone has shown me and keep planning to return tha favor! I hope everybody has a great spring break with moments to remember and cherish! Just sayin hi for now but you may see more of me on this Reddit thing. Peace, Love N Positivity! See you all when you get back! ✌🏽

Have a great spring break, Mack!

Mack you brighten everyone’s day man!

Arguably the best part of VT right here

Mack you da man!

[removed]

You should an AMA (ask me anything!)

Wait are you the dude who fistbumps everyone? I love ya man! Thanks for making everyone’s day better!

You da man

👊🏽

Can someone fill me in on this? Is he a popular student or employee at turner?

The reason I keep getting Qdoba. total G

You’re the best, hope the eye gets better!

You a fellow logic fan bro?

You make my day every time I go to qdoba, keep being awesome dude!

Dude u are easily the reason I go to dobes so much

Yo Mack you are a legend within the tech community! We seriously appreciate everything you do 👊

Man, I graduated last year and I’m so glad to see you’re still the man. Highkey you were the main reason I went to atomic so often, just to get that little boost in my day. Stay golden Mack.

Yo, what happened to you moving to North Carolina with your mom? I thought you were leaving town! I graduated but I definitely thought I saw you a couple times when I was driving around.

Thank You!

Thts one of my goals! Trying to figure out how to carry out bigger goals!

I really do appreciate that. Thats big!

Preciate tha love! 💪🏽💪🏽💪🏽

Yup

Just make a post saying AMA? I could definitely do that!

This would be great lol

Thank you bro, Im always here for anybody!

👊🏽

Im just one of the cashiers at Qdoba.

Thank You! 💪🏽💪🏽💪🏽

I've only heard his debut album. Great album but I have been sleepin tho.

Thank You! N you are appreciated as well! 👊🏽💪🏽💪🏽💪🏽

Thank you bro much appreciated! 💪🏽💪🏽💪🏽💪🏽

It definitely happened. Stayed for a while. I've been back in VA since late September.

[removed]

Yeah, for reference check out /r/IAMA

Thank you bro! Much love! 💪🏽💪🏽

Ok. I'll get on it after work

Hokie pup enjoying the game!

Very sad to not be in Lane tonight, but enjoying the game with 81’, 84’, 18’, and ‘19 grads!

I’m a simple man: I see a cute doggo, I updoot

Let’s go!

Mine looks just like that. Big dumb and happy with a hokie scarf

Awww, so cute!

I’m going to have to get used to VA TECH aren’t I?

Cute pup!

Hokies!!

Stolen from Twitter but had to share

low effort high impact

Love the seamless audio. flawless.

tomato sauce recipe:

4 cans of whole or diced tomatoes (28 oz each can)

1 can of tomato paste (about 6 oz)

12 garlic cloves

Salt - maybe 1 tablespoon +

3/4 cup of olive oil - divided

A bunch of Basil - if you like

1. Peel and mince garlic
 
2. Heat 1/2 cup of olive oil and put the garlic in the hot oil.  Heat until golden and fragrant - very important -  do not overcook and so it turns brown, it becomes very, very bitter. This is the most important step, **do not overcook garlic.**

3. Add can of tomato paste and canned tomatoes. Cook until reduced by 1/4 of volume and thickens.

4. Add salt to taste, remaining 1/4 cup olive oil and chopped basil. 



thanks for enshitifying reddit all while selling my info. https://github.com/j0be/PowerDeleteSuite

I'd walk both ways uphill in 2 feet of snow before I'd let VT Parking Services have another dime.

Lmao this is r/dankvideos material.

*E D G Y*

F in the chat bois

Internship? Graduating senior. More like my full time gig. 

Yuh ✊yeet 👊

My internship got moved online... so lucky it's not cancelled

Ouch

Same here lol

f u c k

*laughs in Class of 2009*

F for me too.😥

F

U h8 2 c it

Lmao nooooo

Wow so hip! Haha I also like memes because they are funny haha!!

Wait, you seriously lost your job offer? I guess I didn't fully realize that's what was happening to a lot of people right now

I too like to hit that yeet! Hahahahahahahaha!

That’s pretty sweet. Congrats

Yep. Mid-level position at double my major's starting salary with a team I've been part-time with for a few years. Dream position. It genuinely broke their hearts, but a hiring freeze is a hiring freeze.

Pretty much SOL until the economy bounces. Looking into graduate programs in the meantime.

Will you still have the offer when it does bounce back?

I imagine so, if the industry recovers quickly. But even my one of my friends/colleagues said she'd suggest I also look elsewhere with how unsure things are.

I'm anticipating on a very, very, big world crash once everything catches up to us and the bandaids on the economy wear off. There was a bubble already waiting to pop. Once earnings reports come out, we'll have a real look at what a world running at 50% can do.

I'm not really expecting things to be normal for a few years.

I’m about to enter Virginia Tech as an accounting major. Think I should switch majors to a trade-related major after my first semester?

Me driving home on 81

Waze is a beautiful app.

I've always wanted to get a programmer to scrape a months worth of data from their live map to find common locations hidden cops are reported. You'll have to be strategic about it because they restrict the load size, and probably divide the US into squares and hand pick the ones along 81.

And an extended slow period for Botetourt County.

Grad from the mid-90’s here.   If coming from Roanoke, I’d take that exit at the sad gas station/truck stop not far past Salem - I think it was N Fork Rd (looking at a map today).  I could wiggle those little backroads and cut off the corner and come out right south of Bburg.  Having a fun car to drive made it fun too!

Correct

[deleted]

facts

They’re making it not as severe now if you’re caught over 80 mph... still when I go over NC border it’s like open road it seems, my max is 85 and there will still be that Maryland car going 90+ passing

So awesome to see others used to take the Ironto cuttoff route.  Will tell a story you will appreciate...

One late Sunday afternoon I was flogging my ‘89 Civic Si back to campus after a heavy rain.   I exited one of the tight turns and the road was covered in water...flash flood water.  At least three car lengths wide.  I had no idea how deep, but would not have been able to stop before hitting it.  I dropped a gear and used the old motorcycle adage “when in doubt GAS IT!”.  I felt the car drift a little while skimming across it, but made it OK.  About crapped my pants after I stopped and looked back at what I had just done.  Learned to be more careful after that, but also that the old adage worked.  :-)

I-81 is a strange road north of exit 150. You can be in a clog of traffic and a mile later it is all gone, only to reappear a few miles down the road. it is also a frustrating road because of some of the drivers -- you can pass someone going 5 miles under the speed limit and not far down the road they will blow past you, only to be passed again going slow.

I swear Harrisonburg is just one giant trap for cops. Everyone I've known going down 81 to and from NOVA who's gotten tickets get them from that one 3 mile stretch.

I love Waze for the warning about cops, but that app delivers bad directions and delivers them poorly.

You can report cops on Google maps too. The UI is better and it will give you an option to use an alternate faster route if there is slowdown.

You can always tell who has never met a small town cop by how much they respect that drop.

yup, the Ironto exit. And drive past the suspiciously-good Italian restaurant in the middle of nowhere.

There's also 311 -> Blacksburg Rd, but it only shaved time off if you were going somewhere on the north side of town like Pheasant Run. I doubt it saves time anymore though - 81 is wider, 460 has a bypass that shaves off half a million stoplights, and both highways have higher speed limits than they did when I was there; the back road's probably the same as it ever was. Which basically means if you're driving anything sportier than a van you'll be in the car for 10 minutes longer and you'll actually enjoy yourself for the last hour or so of your drive.

Was it actually any quicker? I go back and forth from Roanoke a lot and the trucks on 81 make me hate roads

My Grandma lives on North Fork, so I have a lot of experience on those roads. It is indeed some of the most fun and scenic driving around.

Mt Taber road? It's the only place I caught air driving an SUV. Wicked fun when it's not raining or snowing out.

> Honking at people if they go 5 under usually wakes them up.

I find they flip you off and try to brake check you :P

There is a bill that will raise the reckless driving threshold to 85 mph where the posted speed limit is 70 mph.

Last year, a similar bill was held up in the courts of justice subcommittee in the house of delegates by the following members:

* Todd Gilbert R - Counties of Page, Rockingham (part), Shenandoah, and Warren (part)
* Robert Bell R - Counties of Albemarle (part), Fluvanna (part), Greene, and Rockingham 
* Christopher Collins R - Counties of Frederick (part) and Warren (part); City of Winchester 
* Margaret Ransone R - Counties of Caroline (part), King George, Lancaster, Northumberland, Richmond, and Westmoreland
* Michael Mullin D - Counties of James City (part) and York (part); Cities of Newport News

Hopefully people who live in those districts could contact their representative and get them to allow the bill to get the floor of the house of delegates.

Doesn't Google Maps have that feature now?

Ironto exit with manual transmission. Impossible to fall asleep when driving home after exams.

I always wondered about that restaurant, it’s in a such a strange location

That is it!  Thanks for the memory jog!

Yes, because you used to have to take N Franklin most of the way from I-81 to Campus. There was a short bypass from the car dealerships on 460 near the I-81 exit to the Sheetz on N Franklin. otherwise you were on 460 Business for the whole way until South Main and then 460 became a highway. 

When traffic was heavy, the Ironto exit was sometimes faster.

I think they have something similar but honestly IDK.

Yes but it's not nearly as fast.

The bypass of Christiansburg wasn't open to traffic until around 2004 or so.  They didn't increase the speed limit from 55 to 65 mph until sometime in 2007, so there used to be several speed traps on the bypass.  Now that the speed limit is 65 mph and most people don't go more than 5 mph over the speed limit, the speed traps have all but disappeared.

My Aerial Photo that VT Posted on all Platforms Today!

Relay really took a toll on the Drillfield this year.

Campus looks so much smaller than it actually is

[deleted]

Crazy to look at this photo....

I can still trace the little cut- throughs I used to use as a freshman when I had to bike over to my geology lab at 8:00am on Thursday’s. I can barely identify the window I used to sit at in Newman as a sophomore thinking “wow these engineering classes got tougher”. I remember using the book store lot and a quarter off the floor of my mountaineer and then racing to grab chick fil a when I lived off campus and needed something quick.  

I could stare at this for hours. 

This photo threw me for a loop and makes me realize how awesome this school was for me and how many memories I have wrapped around those hokie stones. 

Thank you

Campus looks so grassy and green, and I love it. Glad parking and driving are difficult versus campus being one big parking lot.

This is awesome!

Spot the desire paths

This photo is awesome. I was just looking at it on IG trying to zoom in and see all the detail. Didn’t realize there was a bigger and much better quality version here!

Did you get permission to use a drone or you just did it?

Edit: Not really sure why I’m getting downvoted for asking a legitimate question but ok. I guess that’s reddit for you.

It really shows how fucking odd of a building Pritchard is lol

Apparently all of you care more about some grass that will grow back than fighting cancer

I can see my (old) house from here!

Does that org pay to restore the grass?

I wondered if they'd put in a track on the drill field since I was there last. Glad it's not permanent.

Relay for HUMAN life but relay for grass death.

Looks like that every year though

It looks like you could walk from Pritchard to McBryde in 5 minutes lol

Thats awesome! I live in one of those new buildings that have sprouted up so

I was a freshman back in '92.   Back then the campus had so much more green space and looked so much nicer.  Sadly the VT we knew and loved back then is long gone.

That’s amazing, Im glad I could spark those memories inside you :)

Thanks!

Thanks! Probably one of my highlights of freshman year lol

That looks higher than a drone is legally allowed to go.

Actually I was in an airplane flying into Blacksburg Executive Airport!!

I have to doubt that VT would repost his picture if it was taken illegally

Pritchard, Lee, AJ, and Oshag always reminded me of public housing projects.

When I was part of the club that puts on the event for three years, we used corporate sponsor funds to cover a reseeding fee that VT charged us each year for the Drillfield.

It’s always worse when it rains right before.

I'd hope so

Fair, but people could have been told to walk on Drillfield Dr instead or it could have been moved to another weekend where it wasn't pouring down rain

Not THAT bad

VT still has a lot more green space than other campuses, large quads and it is all still built around the massive drill field.

[removed]

Also I’m p sure you arent allowed to fly a drone on campus. Thats what the drone cage is for.

How and why were you flying into Blacksburg airport?🤔🤔

Yeah I informed them it was from an airplane so it's all good and legal!

Isn't there a track somewhere on campus where they could do it instead of the drill field?

Usually it's worse

So much of the new architecture at VT is uninspired, not to mention the incredibly tacky faux Hokie stone paint jobs they  have slapped on red brick buildings.  They have really taken the whole Hokie stone thing to far IMO.   

Last time I drove through Blacksburg I almost didn't recognize the place it looks so different now than it did when I was there with the barns and silos on Southgate gone, the University Club house gone, the traffic circles, parking decks,  new buildings, etc.   

While I greatly enjoyed the seven years I spent there, it is just not the same place anymore.

Bingo

Please check direct message from me. Thanks!

[removed]

Who makes that rule?

You can, you just have to have a 107 cert and file the paperwork first.

My dad flew me back for the weekend, We own a couple planes and a flight school so might as well take advantage of it!

Yes, next to the baseball field and indoor track facility

Disagree

Ah, well thats good. I always thought we were restricted to just a certain area. Kind of what deterred me from bringing a drone to fly.

I asked them about the training program just last week. They said check back later lol. Hopefully they get their stuff together as it's important for us at VTTI.

Good question, I remember when I was visiting tech a few years ago I asked about it. Dont know exactly what the deal is, and I never ended up flying anything anyway. But iirc there is a designated spot to fly stuff.

It's probably because of the airport. I suspect you wouldn't be allowed to fly drones *period* without the cage.

12:40 PM - Reports of shots fired, Cassel Lot. Stay indoors. From VT Alerts:

**12:40 PM** - Reports of shots fired, Cassel Lot. Stay indoors.

**Update 12:49** - "Suspect described as white male, gray sweat pants, gray hat w/neon green brim, maroon hoodie and backpack. On foot towards McComas. Call 911 [if sighted]"

**Update 1:14 PM** - "Suspect remains at large. A police officer has been shot. A potential second victim is reported at the Cage lot. Stay indoors. Secure in place"

**Update 2:27 PM** - Reports of recent sounds ID'd as gunshots and suspicious activity on campus have been investigated and unfounded.

**Update 3:08 PM** - There are no new substantiated reports of suspicious or criminal activity. Status of the shooter remains unknown. Police continue to ask the university community to stay where they are and secure in place.

**Update 4:30 PM** - Law enforcement agencies have determined there is no longer an active threat or need to secure in place. Resume normal activities.

**Friday exams postponed** - 2:59 p.m.) Tomorrow, Friday, Dec. 9 is the start of final exams for the fall term. Exams scheduled for Friday (tomorrow) have been postponed. A decision regarding the final exam schedule will be made as soon as we have more information. All information will be send via campus wide email and posted to the univerity homepage.

**Rest in Peace, Office Crouse** - [Information on Officer Crouse](http://www.vtnews.vt.edu/articles/2011/12/120811-unirel-crousememoriam.html). You're in our thoughts and prayers.

Hokies, sounds like it is safe now from the press conference. Keeping the officer and his family in our thoughts and prayers. Hokie Nation, we stand together. Thanks for bringing your collective knowledge here on Reddit. I think it helped a lot of people today.

[deleted]

Everyone, just a reminder, since we are at Tech, this will almost certainly make national news. Be sure to let your family/close friends know that you're safe.

fuck steve huffman for destroying third-party clients and ruining reddit. https://fuckstevehuffman.com

[poignant picture](https://s-hphotos-sjc1.fbcdn.net/hphotos-snc7/382601_2281993660438_1566720278_31922433_611097345_n.jpg)

first suspect who was apprehended and let go

VCU student here. I hope you guys are all staying indoors and safe. I had to text my Tech friend to convince her not to go to class. Please make sure you get the word out to as many friends as possible.

I have a professor that still wants me to present via skype at 4:00pm. Fuck that guy.

Interviewing someone else now from the green house; tracking someone "suspicious" at a bus stop (but the poor guy probably just has no idea what's going on and why the bus hasn't come in the last hour).

[deleted]

[deleted]

Interning in Roanoke and not having access to Facebook and Twitter in the workplace, I'm SO glad that Reddit isn't blocked in times like these.

Campus webcams seem to have been shut down or unavailable:

* [Burruss webcam](http://www.vtnews.vt.edu/webcams/burruss.html)

* [Cassell/Lane Stadium webcam](http://www.hokiesports.com/webcam/)

* [Eggleston Hall webcam](http://www.vtnews.vt.edu/webcams/eggleston.html)

* [Library Plaza webcam](http://www.vtnews.vt.edu/webcams/library-plaza.html)

Holy fuck I just parked in Cassel lot and walked up to Merriman for the athlete luncheon and then we get news of this. I was in the lot like ten minutes before it was reported. Stay safe guys. ;_; We are VT

News source saying an officer has been shot as well. 
http://www.wdbj7.com/news/wdbj7-report-of-a-shooting-on-virginia-tech-campus-20111208,0,7258349.story

[deleted]

Is there anyone in a dorm like Lee that can look out and see what is going on?

This is not a rumor.  Someone was shot.

A friend of mine who works for Blacksburg Transit says that bus runs are suspended until further notice.

Collegiate Times reporting at least 1 dead.. Assuming the officer.

Source: https://twitter.com/#!/CollegiateTimes/status/144840071089098752

[Police code](http://spiffy.ci.uiuc.edu/~kline/Stuff/ten-codes.html) for those listening on the [scanner](http://www.radioreference.com/apps/audio/?action=wp&feedId=9365)

UGA here, stay safe we're thinking about yall

[deleted]

Pic from Cassell lot, via Collegiate Times: http://lockerz.com/s/163121367

From wtkr.com 

"Shortly after 12 p.m. today, a Virginia Tech Police officer stopped a vehicle on campus during a routine traffic stop in the Coliseum parking lot near McComas Hall

During the traffic stop. the officer was shot and killed. There were witnesses to this shooting.

Witnesses reported to police the shooter fled on foot heading toward the Cage, a parking lot near Duck Pond Drive. At that parking lot, a second person was found. That person is also deceased.

Several law enforcement agencies have responded to assist. Virginia State police has been requested to take lead in the investigation

Status of the shooter is unknown. The campus community should continue to shelter in place and visitors should not come to campus."

http://www.wdbj7.com/news/livestreaming/  Presser live streaming

It seems that exams for tomorrow, Friday 9th, will be postponed. Dates and times have not been decided. http://www.vt.edu/

Suspect Near bldg 600 in Foxridge. Takeaway: don't wear sweatpants and a hoodie today.

UGA loves you Va Tech!

[possible second victim in the cage](http://twitter.com/#!/vtnews/status/144841568635990016)

UVA grad here.  I remember when the 2007 shooting happened.  I hope you all are safe, stay safe, and that this situation can be resolved quickly.

From the scanner: POSSIBLE sighting on walking path near fire station, down town (hubbard street behind airport).

Shots fired at the Performance Art Center per the scanner

My friend is reporting that shots were fired near Torg Hall (sp?). Can anyone confirm this?

The shooter wasn't the driver.  Police did not shoot the victim/suspect in the Cage lot.

Very confusing.

[Here](http://www.radioreference.com/apps/audio/?action=cwp&ctid=2879) is the live scanner feed for those interested..

edit: the stream is down because of the flood of hits, trying to find a new one now

MSNBC reporting that it is a result of a traffic stop, and that shots were exchanged between the suspect and the police officer.

I was near a campus radio in the library, apparently a police officer has been shot.

NEWS7 reporter Karen Kiley is reporting that a police officer is the one who has been shot

http://www.wdbj7.com/news/wdbj7-report-of-a-shooting-on-virginia-tech-campus-20111208,0,7258349.story

Police Scanner Here: http://www.radioreference.com/apps/audio/?action=wp&feedId=9365

Stay up to date.  Stay safe.

[Pictures from the Cage parking lot.](http://www.flickr.com/photos/geeknerd99/sets/72157628335925205/)

Scanner: Silver VW bug traveling at high rate of speed up 81 Northbound, something black covering license plate.

Lots of calls coming in about suspicious people. Most are probably are nothing.  One guy on clay street, another in Bed bath and beyond.

AP: Gunman believed to be dead.

UNCONFIRMED:

The guy I'm studying with just got a text from a girl he knows who works in the ER. She said the shooter shot himself and is now dead.

Again, this is COMPLETELY UNCONFIRMED RUMOR.

~~I want to be clear that the following is JUST A RUMOR and I have no way to confirm it.~~

~~Everyone is texting around and I don't know where the rumor originated, but some people are telling me an officer was shot. I *really* hope it isn't true.~~

~~Again, COMPLETELY unconfirmed rumor. Could very possibly have no basis to it whatsoever.~~

Edit: Confirmed. An officer has been shot and reports are he is dead. Possible second victim in the cage. See news reports linked below.

Police officer and now a student has been shot.  The student was shot near the cage.

Scanner says shots fired performing arts building, I hear sirens heading that way.

Just heard on the scanner shots were reported at the Performing arts building near McBride.

One person surrendered at the performing arts building. Another still at large

Edit: 2nd shooter unconfirmed.

Edit2: Shots heard near Torg

Scanner seems to have gone down under the load.

Johnson.

This freak is stealing your panties and spying on you Close your blinds, put out cameras

What the fuck.

I remember a couple years ago women were complaining about having underwear stolen.

Edit: dammit! He just got permabanned/deleted his account, I was gonna search his account for details, now it's all gone. He had a comment saying he "knew the Panty burglar."

Great, now I'm paranoid people will see me out for a run and think I'm a pervert

Hasn’t this been an issue for a few years now? I feel like I hear about this annually

I lived in foxridge about 2 years ago and caught a guy going through my roommates laundry late at night one night, he bolted out the other side door before I realized what was going on. Really gross behavior, emailed Foxridge about it but they didn’t care enough to respond 😕

I'd bet money the "massive" one is Collegiate Suites. I lived next to it back in the 00s and it was nothing but chaos and traffic. Probably easy to hide a predator in it.

I bet if someone puts cameras in their laundry rooms they catch this dude.

Yea, I remember hearing about this a few years ago when I was a student. Total creep

the first screenshot gets cut off where it gets interesting—he’s *wearing* the panties he steals??

Omg the panty snatcher????? Bruh

I remember hearing about this, my apartment was freaked out about it, bc we lived nearby. Some sleepless nights tbh. I feel so bad for the women who live in that area.

I'd start by taking a good look at OP. Someone who gets a thrill out of stealing underwear and watching people through their windows would certainly get off by posting about it, letting people know its being done, and making it more challenging for himself.

Same reason why so many criminals are caught returning to the scene of the crime. They get off on the chaos.

But I could be wrong.

Lol wtf

For those wondering, he has been stealing them from Foxridge

[https://web.archive.org/web/20230520091418/https://www.reddit.com/user/albonterz1/comments/12zqk6f/foxridge\_special/](https://web.archive.org/web/20230520091418/https://www.reddit.com/user/albonterz1/comments/12zqk6f/foxridge_special/)

i might not even go to this school, but y’all came up on my recommended. this is actually fucking creepy and i hope he ends up getting caught before he does anything worse

I remember us making a potato gun and leaving the window open at our friends apartment waiting for him when the email went out from Vtpd

[deleted]

The fuck??

dear ladies, y’all would be SHOCKED if you truly knew how perverted men can be

There was an issue with a peeping tom in Blacksburg during COVID wasn’t there? There’s always one.

He goes as a runner/jogger and has 9 complexes with open/accessible laundry rooms within two miles of where he lives. The large one that’s “like a maze” may be collegiate suits (according to another commenter here). That’s what we get from this screenshot.

Combed his account and found that he’s a white male, dark body hair, medium build; not skinny, but not fat either. Never showed his face. Dick was pretty small too, for what it’s worth. Likely late 30’s.

Someone needs to send this to the police, he already knows we’re onto him now. I’m gonna keep an eye out on the subreddits he frequented.

There was also a woman who showed her face in one of his posts. I wish I had screenshotted it, but I remember what she looked like.

Edit: the woman is u/ toomanydawncollins (space so I don’t @ her), she actually sells content so I doubt she’s in on it. Dude probably just reposted a picture of her cuz he’s a simp.

You can find archived versions of all Reddit accounts even if deleted. Furthermore there’s a lot of legal action that can be taken against this guy, I would highly suggest someone reporting this to the Montgomery county sheriffs office. This is a sex crime

Lol yeah I remember this and then the crazy winter storm, and actually he came by my gf’s place at collegiate suites we saw footprints in the snow at their roommates window the next morning

[A few years ago](https://wjla.com/amp/news/local/virginia-man-gets-year-for-stalking-women-stealing-underwear-leaving-semen)

As long as you’re not in a laundry room or hanging out around one I doubt it

It’s prolly like the Hokie Bird. Every year there’s a new one.

I recently had a weird incident at Foxridge in the laundry room recently. Someone opened my clothes from the dryer and searched through it and left it open. Didn’t take anything (I’m a guy) but I thought it was weird because the laundry room was empty. Do you know how the guy looked like by any chance?

Collegiate suites has laundry rooms in their own units

Anyone feel like waiting around and attempting to catch ‘em?

Five people have upvoted this but I’m serious

I’m surprised if there aren’t security cameras already? If not, it’s 2023. There should be.

Yall weren’t sleeping because he was stealing your underwear?

I don’t think it’s OP, the original (now deleted) account already posted about it plenty. They didn’t need another to do it.

Majoring in vaginatech

I clicked on the link but couldn’t see the post. Recently at Foxridge I noticed that someone opened my clothes from my dryer like 15 min after I put it in. Came back and my clothes were all wet and looked like someone went through them. I’m a guy and nothing was stolen but I was just confused why someone would open my dryer midrun in a completely empty laundry room at night and nothing was stolen

It’s in the image. You have to open the full image

This isn’t normal “perverted” behavior my man. I seriously hope you don’t justify this shit as passing for normal male fantasies.

I remember in 2018 or sometime around then a man was arrested for jerking off on the door handles of women that lived on Center Street and some other creepy activities:

Late 30s? Wouldn't that make him very conspicuous in an undergrad dominated college apartment laundry room? I assumed this dude was an undergrad or at least passes for a student.

The rest of this is a simple geography problem if someone can find a list of complexes with open laundry rooms. Though reddit has a very poor track record with ~~detective work~~ vigilantism.

Good details!

Absolutely agreed. I don't live in bburg anymore, but that definitely needs to be done.

Its been a while and I didn’t get a good look at his face, but he definitely looked kinda sus like a black hoodie and all black clothes, feel like he had some kind of bag like a fanny pack across his chest. My roommate at the time and I are also guys :/

I got a van, you got zipties?

Yes? It'd be different if there was a thief going around stealing all types of clothes from both men and women, but when it's someone specifically stealing women's underwear it's obviously sexually motivated. A perv is entering their living space to commit a sexually motivated crime, and it's reasonable to be wary and anxious of him getting more bold and going on to actually assault someone.

It's pretty traumatizing having a perv like that in your apartment block.

People that engage in this kind of behavior usually escalate

Lol def not me. I'm a Marine who doesn't even live in Virginia. Just thought y'all would like to know.

we are both aware of the atrocities men are capable of. i never said it was “normal”. you threw that word in there. what it really is, is “absolutely disgusting”. i said men can be extremely perverted and do nasty things. he is one of those nasty people, but at least he isn’t hurting anyone (that we know of)

Collegiate Suites doesn’t have laundry rooms. We each have our own private washer/dryer. Maybe Foxridge?

Him saying he recently moved to a college town and has been stealing panties for years makes me think he isn’t a student. I may be wrong though. I wish I could remember more about his account but I do get the vibe he’s older than college age, but he very well may pass as a student.

And yeah, I don’t wanna dip into vigilantism either

Yeah this doesn’t seem to be the first time either so it’s seems this person is in the area or spends a lot of the time going around different laundry rooms. Is he tall short? Color of hair? Facial hair/glasses? This person has opened my clothes from the dryer multiple times and left my clothes cold before I needed to go to work so I’m pissed af lol

Observe and report, vigilantism is illegal.

No matter how much I may *want* to rough ‘em up.

Now you're starting to sound like the hokiepanties guy

Happy early birthday!

Say a prayer for our fallen G 😩

It's ok, we always got the "dolla ee" on south main

ucci or hetto?

Kro er

Don’t make fun of him. He’s a kroer not a shower

one by one each letter will fade until hetto kro er is no longer with us

Can’t have shit in the Hetto

When I first became to Blacksburg the sign was big block letters and for months the k and r were out so everyone called them Ogers.

noooooooooooo

I wonder how much $ they would save corporate-wide if they just went to a “K”. And if I worked there, I’d love it when a customer complained about something and I could just point and say “k”.

G in the chat for our fallen

https://youtu.be/4D0f1AS7JYc

e: you sourpusses, this is some funny and locally relevant content

It’s fine, it’s the murder Kroger anyway

Timothy gon fix it

We need a Kro Bar in there ASAP

Kroer with an umlaut, metal as fuck

And the CVS harmacy a little further down

That's dolla and a quarter ee to you

hetto

People still calling it Gucci and Ghetto Kroger?

Haha. Takes me back

defo ucci

I barely kno er

Did someone actually get murdered there?

You ever get around to sending that youtube channel?

I made that reference a few weeks ago with a fellow Hokie, about how I went to an actual ghetto Kroger the night before, you know the ones with armed security hovering at the entrance and the solar powered blue light cameras down in RVA… they should take those to Blacksburg’s Ghetto Kroger to really bring the atmosphere to the right place… 🤣 My friend really enjoyed the reference; took us both back about 11-8 years.

Ucci has a window wall behind the sign.

Nice hahaha

Nah I’m just joking around. I got the term from a buddy who used to live in Nashville by a Kroger where I believe someone did get murdered in or around it.

And Star Trek style letters last I drove by there

Nothing says "Break" quite like a single due date being bumped to Thursday

One and a half months, we can do this

The 6 assignments I have due tomorrow gave me plenty of time today to ponder about my wellness.

Thank you Tim Sands, you ended covid single handedly

My professor has two lecture videos up that we have to watch for Thursday’s class on top of attending live lecture while knowing we had spring break. I also had an assignment due today for another class. It’s a joke. Love the school and engineering program though.

It’s worse than not having a day off, it’s a total distraction. I can either feel guilty for working on what is supposed to be a fun break day (and not get anything done) or feel guilty for not working because there is so much to do. It’s a lose lose. I’d rather have zero break days.

As an alum I am appalled at this decision, a single day does nothing, especially if the faculty continue to force work on days off.

This schools' faculty and administration can bite me at this point. None of them seem to care about setting reasonable boundaries and expectations with their students.

ikr, I have an assignment due at noon tomorrow.  The people in my group chat hosted a zoom meeting to go over it as if it was a regular day.

This made me laugh very loudly out loud

Singlehandedly changed my life!

Don’t think it’s a Tim Sands thing. Afaik UVA is doing the same thing and VCU is doing some weird “minimester” deal.

Going through this rn. I didn’t do much work today and had a really relaxing day, BUT at the same time I’m now feeling behind and almost overwhelmed

I PASSED MY DEFENSE!!! WOOOOOOOOOO

Congratulations Dr.

Idk what that is but congrats!!!

So for you, 2020 was not entirely a shitshow.

Congratulations!

Bud Foster is proud. Lunch pale defense!

CONGRATS, MASTER

Congratulations! Dr. Darkspeed9. Wait, you're not a woman, are you? The WSJ says you should be Ms. Darkspeed9 if so.

Ayyyy, congrats! I remember that relief. Went straight to the Cellar afterwards. Hope you have some sort of safe celebration planned!

Congratulations 🎉🎊

Nice. Now go do whatever it is you do during your free time!

Justin Hamilton?

Congrats!!!

Congrats, fellow graduate!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SC4xMk98Pdc

way to go fam!!

Haha it's an MS degree but I appreciate it anyways!!

At the end of your graduate program, you must go in front of a panel/committee of faculty and defend your research and knowledge of the subject. Faculty can (and will) ask just about anything they want and then after you’re sent out of the room, will determine if you deserve the degree. 

It’s like a Jedi Council grilling you for a couple hours except whether you’re allowed to join the ranks is voted on only *after* you’ve done the years of training and work.

[deleted]

Hahaha, this is the best one yet!

r/beatmetoit

Lol I'm not a woman nor a doctor. Just finished my masters is all!

My celebration is eating ice cream in my room 😎

Bless and thanks for the reward. But you should probably spend your money on something else not me haha

Reddit and vidja games bby. Despite all my accomplishments, I still feel like a kid lol

So we address you as Master then?!?  🥴😂😂

You have achieved the rank of Master and you may now have a seat on the council.

Oh sorry master please don’t punish me.

Mmmmmmm. Yes Master.

good thing he didn't get Anakin'd

I wonder if it’s common to fail. I rarely hear stories of not passing. What happens then?

Masters students must defend their thesis. PhD students must defend their dissertation.

Thesis defense proves you’re an expert in what the panel thinks you should be an expert in. Dissertation defense proves you’ve contributed an entirely new and worthy concept.

Thank you! And yes, to clarify it was for the MS degree!

No worries

*You are on the council, but we do not grant you the rank of master.*

I have a friend, surname Bates. No joke, got a masters. Then a PhD. I call them Master Bates, PhD.

My advisor told me they typically don't allow people to defend their thesis or dissertation unless they are fairly sure they will pass. I also haven't heard of anyone failing myself.

Yup that's exactly right, and this was a MS thesis! Appreciate all the congratulations!

I can confirm that they are both generally nerve-wracking experiences that are much better in hindsight.

Phrasing!

Yea, I’m glad you passed but it begs the question, what’s the point of stressing If it’s almost a given one will pass either way? Sure it’s nerve racking to be on the spot, have sound knowledge and presentation but the worry of failing imo would be a lot worse and compounding. Back then people probably did fail defenses on the spot but idk. I called it quits after a bachelors degree but I may go back to grad school someday. Just not as much needed in the technology field.

I would think if one did fail they’d get another shot. I think PhD is more rigorous

Indeed!

[removed]

Coming from someone who has no credentials

The massive amount of time and work still culminates to a single pass or fail moment, so regardless of the high success rate, it's gotta be super intimidating. Plus the human psyche is always trying to convince people that they could be part of the slim percentage that gets rejected. Fear of rejection can be crippling for stakes way lower that your recent life's work.

Ah ok, I’m just not that familiar. I’d think a defense is like the final test and is rigorous, you pass or fail. Kinda like the navy seals hell week or something. From what I understand it’s like you’re most likely to pass unless something bad happens and it’s just a formality.

Right it has to be otherwise one can BS their way through it. There needs to be a way to weed that out

I feel like that sorts itself out. You can't get to that point without putting in the work

Orange cup gang

The emporium is a nightmare for people who are bad at math. It’s bad enough that your bad at math, but teaching yourself instead of having someone who knows the material just makes things worse.

I mean, the math empo was there wayyy before Sands was appointed.  It's not really his fault he inherited a university with an unpopular method of teaching math

TBF the empo was before Sands.

I really didn't mind the empo too much personally, but I definitely understand why a lot of people did. It was off campus, so you needed to take a bus, it didn't give any actual instruction, and if we're paying for a good education, you would think we would get actual professors to teach the classes.

Part of the future is sadly going to be self-taught on computers.

>coMe oN itS NOt tHaT bAd, YOu guYS aRe jUsT wHinY FrEshMAn

 -- the idiots leaving 5 star reviews

Just saying, khan academy is a free program and it has so many more useful features for LEARNING. like when you get a practice problem wrong, wouldn't it be helpful to see exactly HOW to apply the lessons to that specific question?? Can't believe i'm paying tuition for this...

I used to tutor there from like 2011 to 2013. They used to pay minimum wage to math tutors back in the day lol.

Imagine paying tuition to attend college, just to end up teaching yourself.

I know this is an old discussion, but I feel like I should weigh in from what I heard from another math professor.

I should also mention that I didn't have to take any classes at the empo.

What the professor explained to me is that it's not feasible for the university to hire professors for the literally *thousands* of students that have to take 1000-level math courses each semester. Hell, it already seems pretty crammed as it is fitting everyone who needs diff eq, multi, linear algebra, etc.

As far as I can see, there's no real easy solution. Even taking into account GTAs teaching courses, there's simply too much required man-hours to teach everyone. At some point, there gets to be so many people in class that it's almost the same as it is at the empo now, with almost no feedbackk.

You can be good at math and hate it too!

He's been around for 5 years, though. If he had any interest in bettering VT's method of teaching math, he could and surely would have done *something* by now.

The empo has been there for over two decades.  I think it was Torgerson's idea.

Most of the people leaving 5 star reviews work there, most of the people leaving 1 star reviews aren't freshman. People who are leaving 5 stars are just out of touch with how bad it really is

Exactly

Just because it’s not feasible doesn’t mean the math empo doesn’t suck

You’re describing CS majors.

Edit: well, some CS majors.

Sands probably thinks it is great.  Since VT opened the empo a bunch of other universities have adopted the emporium model for teaching math.

[https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/education/at-virginia-tech-computers-help-solve-a-math-class-problem/2012/04/22/gIQAmAOmaT\_story.html?noredirect=on](https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/education/at-virginia-tech-computers-help-solve-a-math-class-problem/2012/04/22/gIQAmAOmaT_story.html?noredirect=on)

Doesn't fit with the bottom line

minimum 1 star rating, after 5 years it's 5 stars, makes sense.

Im a bio major but love math, just not the BS that was the empo

I was a math major, so I never had to take anything at the empo. Was that really the only choice for those courses?

I can definitely see that teaching yourself a subject you dislike can be frustrating, but I also know that my peers were mentors there and would happily explain any topics. While it was online, there were at least math majors available to help with the learning

For bio majors math 1025 and 1026, your required math courses were only at empo. It was yucky

1205, 1206, and 1224 had components that required us to go to the Empo.

I heard they did away with that after I left, but can't confirm.

Yeah that sucks. I suspect it’s an issue with the size of the math department. They don’t have enough professors to offer every major required course in both the fall and spring, so I suppose they fill those needs over 1000 courses. I think it would benefit the courses to at least have video lectures available, if they don’t already.

It's the same for any architecture students. Math 1535 and 1536 are required and only offered at the empo

Huge fire in Foxridge Hoping everyone is safe!

That’s my building. I think two people have very minor injuries and they’ve plopped all of us on a bus to await further information. The roof is completely gone.

Blacksburg Fire actually had two structure fires last night. This one and one about 2am. As a reminder they are a volunteer agency as is Blacksburg Rescue. They always need volunteers and donations.

Join VT Firewatch for a scanner and crowdsourced updates. Stay safe y'all and don't go look just to look, let Bburg Fire do their job. 

  
[https://discord.gg/CeyANq5EtK](https://discord.gg/CeyANq5EtK)

https://preview.redd.it/gay7qamw2q4g1.jpeg?width=720&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=423cbc3693def8e995940ce4b8e8b0db9a91d241

What building is this?

Same thing happened when I lived in Foxridge like a decade ago

https://preview.redd.it/emioq7uv7s4g1.jpeg?width=1836&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=8cdd031696eb4a053fc5c1f87bd4946cb4429d08

Aw man this sucks :(

Will look for updates. Fires are no joke. Especially when sentimental items are on the line.

Does anyone know if people affected could use clothes donations, toiletries, etc? This is such a bummer, especially this close to the end of the semester and the holidays.

Damn, used to live in that building a few years ago. Glad to hear everyone is okay sans minor injuries. Lotta fun memories happened there.

https://preview.redd.it/r4brnk6jis4g1.jpeg?width=3000&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=7fd07d3d92bb59792ad96628f63d8dc71ba89ad9

Someone left the fan on for more than 20 minutes

I wonder if it was because of human error. Like a candle or space heater…

I live in the building adjacent. They put us in the Virginia Tech Inn. The 3400 apartment is gone. International students really worried.

Oh wow that happened years ago when I lived there too. 2013-14 I believe. It was because some students had a grill on their porch on the second floor. Completely destroyed the building.

The building caught on fire again at 2:00AM. All the fire department are back again.

It’s back on fire.

Hope they have renters insurance

that’s hot 🥵

[deleted]

Wow glad you’re safe.  Hopefully everyone else is as well.

Glad you are safe.

That’s my building too :’(

Which building was it? I’m glad that you all are safe

So sorry this happened!!!!!

I am so sorry!!! My best friend Marissa and I just drove by just to take a look at what was left and my heart feels so sorry for you and the others that were in that building. Keeping you all in my thoughts. Sending you all very good thoughts this holiday season.

Thank you for what you do.

That would be a neat opportunity for students to volunteer. I figure they offer training? Would be good to have if anyone decides to pivot to a first responder career.

Absolutely! Please stay home if you can! If you do go to the fire, stand in an non-obstructive and distant location. Don't stand in the road or anywhere emergency vehicles can go. Stay safe, y'all

Really good picture from a photo standpoint, so nice shot! Really unfortunate circumstances though :(

3400 Richmond Lane

My second thought was: wonder if it was the same building that burned a few years back

Hey i was probbaly there too! I skipped a class to watch it burn. I had bever been so close to a building fire before. Scary stuff.

I know fox ridge is pretty old, was built in the 70s. Maybe it has poor fire prevention built in.

I believe the damage from that fire was less extensive compared to the most recent one.  From what I remember, it was most mostly limited to the stairwell and the top floor apartment.  After it was repaired, you wouldn't know that it had ever been on fire from the outside.

https://dos.vt.edu/office/emergencyfund.html is a great place to donate. They are going to help the students.

Ahhh same, I think

Will hear about the cause in the coming days I'm sure.
The likely hood of a space heater is possible.. my guess is electrical and someone over loaded a socket charging something like a battery operated bike or something.

Nearly happened at my building there ~2015ish when someone threw out hot grilling coals in the dumpster. I happened to notice the smoke billowing out before the tree above caught on fire.

Yeah, they just put it out. This is so unsafe.

It’s required there

What a ridiculous thing to say

3400 Richmond Ln

Just to be clear I am not and have never been a member of either agency.

Yes both Blacksburg Fire and Blacksburg Rescue will train you. Firefighting training is much more time consuming and physically difficult though.

I think it was a different building back then.

lol skipped a class to watch it burn 😂

Also those apartments are pretty old (built in the 1970s I think), the electrical wiring is probably outdated.

bathroom fan had a problem

Let’s just throw hot coals in the dumpster…I wonder how some of these students got into tech 😂

It caught on fire again???

Fire Pry and Whit Babcock into the sun Absolutely disgusting second half performance. Pry has once again proven he has no reason to be coaching a P4 football team. Whit needs to go as well two back to back awful hires.

That second half was maybe the most pathetic shit I've ever seen watching this team and that's saying a ton. I've tried to see the vision with Pry but I can't do it after today. And Whit cannot be allowed to hire his replacement

It's just so sad when you know exactly how the season is going to go after 2 games. Sigh...

Whit will just keep extending it, because firing Pry will mean the end of his own career.

It’s not even that I’m mad anymore, it’s just a disappointed tedium. We’ve been watching the same low-quality football that could barely pass muster in a Group of 5 conference for years now. I did not watch the game at all tonight after what happened last week. I saw the same “lUnChPaiL” defense that has been more like a brown bag come the second half paired with an offense more flaccid than Larry King after eating prunes, resulting in a snooze fest that devolves into medical malpractice. I do not even know where we go from here.

21 yards and a fumble in the 2nd half, fire everybody

I’ve become so apathetic (I’m pissed) to this team - actually, no, this “program”. Whit Babcock and the several coaching staff he has trotted out onto the field have continuously worsened the VT football brand. They’ve turned it into a “fools gold” of sorts, where we tout our great traditions and act like this powerful program, when in reality this is not a well-run program. I think we all need to accept that Tech will never take that proverbial “next step” until the university cleans house of the football/athletic department. Yeah we lost to a probably better team, but this loss felt different. We had a lead against a good team, at home, with all the momentum. But everyone and their mother watching the game *knew* that the Hokies will not make adjustments after halftime. They will let whatever happens happen. Simply put, this team does not care, and that comes all the way from the top. I’m sure the players do care, but they have never, since the days of Beamer, been put in the best positions to succeed and that includes things like mentality and toughness, not solely talent. 

I’m not an athlete, coach, or whatever but I have watched lots of college football (I’m an expert /s) through the years, having been a fan of many other college programs mostly due to family ties. What I do know is that VT does NOT have a good football product. Plus, given the damage to the brand sustained over last decade, it may be several years until we are again.

I love Tech, it’s an awesome school and I made my best memories there. Ultimately, football doesn’t matter, but it’s a damn shame that we have to be publicly humiliated like this every Saturday in the fall these past few years. So, to conclude: if the VT football program doesn’t care enough, then why the hell should I?

TL;DR: I love Tech, but we SUCK and I’m angy bout it >:(

The disheartening thing is how Vandies' coaches went back at the half and disrupted our entire coaching plan. This might be the worst-coached game I have seen in years. It is tough to be a Tech fan, and every year my hope dies lately. Coach Pry needs to be fired immediately. When we hired him, I was reading an article that stated he had a defensive mindset and would easily provide some similarity to Bud; this has not been the case. Our defense is notorious for giving up big plays, and tonight I saw 7, the most I have ever seen in a single game. Sad....

I don’t think Pry has ever coached a game against a power 4 team where he actually controls the game down the stretch. We always look fine early and then end up playing reactive football after halftime. Every. Damn. Game. Quite literally he is worse than every power 4 coach he goes up against except maybe Tony Elliott.

I'm 31 years old.

My dad is a VT grad.  I am not, but I was raised a VT fan since I was a baby.


This is BAD.  This is REALLY REALLY BAD.  Getting blown out by 34 points in the 2nd half is flat out embarrassing.

Heads need to roll, and they need to start with Whit and Pry's.  

The fans, donors, students, etc. deserve so much better.  In 10 years Whit has managed to kill off what was one of the ACC powerhouses and a team that had STRONG fan support.

Game 1:  VT was down 2 against USC going into the 4th and lost by 13. 

Game 2: VT was down 3 going into the 4th and lost by 22.

Virginia Tech has either been out-conditioned or out coached to an extreme level in the 4th quarter.

Can’t wait to see the fucking lames defend this L. Had people saying it was ridiculous to call for Pry’s head last week because we “really held in there for 3 quarters against SCAR.” Shit is pathetic

This collapse is so bad that Pry absolutely HAS to be fired immediately for it.  But the VT way will be to give him 2 more years and just completely waste more time.

Drones is not a college QB. The fact that Pry and Co were unable to see that after last year and leading into this season is enough indictment to clean house. Whit cannot be allowed to be involved in the hiring process. All must go and take the suck for a few years

I’m a 44 year old Blacksburg native. I’ve been going to games at Lane literally my entire life. This is the lowest point in my lifelong fandom. For a large chunk of my life VT football was one of the most important things in my life as ridiculous as that sounds. I can’t even bring myself to care anymore. When Vandy scored the go ahead TD early in the third I turned the game off and didn’t even check the score again until the final alert came across my phone. This program is dead to me.

> He's not being canned during the season unless a complete meltdown occurs. Even then it's not a sure thing.
Also, no one expected the Hokies to be competitive against USC - it was a competitive game until the very end.
A loss at home to Vandy would be damaging for sure. 

So. Still that?

All that money alumni donated for triumph nil and we get this shit show for our first home game

We don’t do that at tech. We actually have just offered them an extension again

Signed, the hokie boosters

I hope. Whit gets fired first so his dumb ass doesn’t try to hire another coordinator with no head experience

Bench drones, fire whit and pry and this season is already over. We will be lucky to finish 6-6. New staff for spring ball, I’m already done w this team. Just beat uva ffs

Get them outta here.  Whit tanked our basketball program too.  SMFH

Pain

I hate to say this as a Hokie, but for real change to occur you need to just stop going to games. Which is awful for new students

We don’t have talented players. They’re small, slow and outmanned. I don’t know what it takes to attract talent in the NIL era (besides money) but we don’t have it

They keep asking me to donate. I keep saying no until they start winning fb games. With an S

I had been defending Whit for a while, but I’m solidly on the “fire them both” train.

Defense 490 yards allowed. Worst since oct 2022

In Pry’s defense, he is only making 4 million a year. That’s only 77K a week, the average yearly salary in Virginia. Poor thing, he might be hungry when he is working.

It’s the moonshine mafia. The good old boys network isn’t interested in winning.  We will never be able to compete in the current CFB climate. Just have to hope the inevitable implosion happens sooner than later

Yes, please. This experiment has run its course.

The worst thing Whit has done to the program has made the fan base apathetic to these losses. It's no longer about the excitement of potentially winning these games. It's the mental prep we as a fan base and as alumni go through in anticipation of a loss. 

As a season ticket holder, they locked me in this year with my donation.  So the best I can do is sell my tickets (which I have) or just not travel to drive down revenue at the stadium. They upsold us on the experience in the club house with over processed food and free non alcoholic beverages, but I'd gladly give all that up to put a winning team on the field.  Feels like I'd be better off setting money on fire at this point. And for someone who made VT football a cornerstone of my life (traveling during the fall for games, centering other activities around a football schedule), I'm now finding myself looking for anything else to do other than watch the game. For my own mental health, because watching the same thing over and over again expecting a different result is pure insanity.  

Babcock and Pry need to go, and Sands and the BoV need to make an AD hire reflective of the changing landscape in college sports, as well as hire a transformative coach. Not so much an Xs and Os guys, but someone that can shift the program into the modern era. Shane Beamer may not be an Xs and Os guy, but he's created the culture and the fan base is drinking the kool-aid. I'm not saying Shane is the answer (and I doubt he'll come because he's getting paid SEC money and wants his own legacy), but that is what we need to make our program feel like we have a pulse again. 

Signed,
A frustrated and defeated Hokie '99

We are a poverty program

I knew Pry wasn't head coaching material when he had one of his first interviews. After Beamer got forced to retire. His son or Bud Foster should have been Head coach.  Virginia Tech is stuck on mediocrity. They are happy to just go to a bowl game. As I see it  VT fans are cool with mediocrity because they show up to games in Blacksburg,and they travel well to away games

There's a point in the fourth quarter where the game is still in reach and there was a four man rush that looked like a twelve man blitz, and Drones was sacked for ten yards. The point it was over.

Part of the problem is the NIL and  transfer portal. 

How do you get players to be invested in a program and its fan base when they know, if make enough snaps and plays to make a decent game tape ,
Win or lose, they can transfer to the next stop the following year, getting paid all the while. 

Players have all the leverage. It's why you've seen alot of  great coaches retire.

As a thirty year Hokie I remember the great times.. those were long ago. I still wear my gear with pride but it's been a hard to swallow decade or so.

Fire Pry and put someone in who understands that it's a sixty minute game.

100%

Anyone else worry this program just won’t have the ingredients for relevance without just getting unbelievably lucky on some unnoticed recruits or transfer portal guys? Feels dreadful.

Unless Tech is willing to invest $$ into the program this is the future.  The players need better coaching and conditioning. 

The O-line folded numerous times.   Drones was blind-sided numerous times.  Tech is lucky Drones was not seriously injured.  

The D-line was manhandled and Vandy rushers could not be stopped.   

Absolutely horrible home opener.

Once people realize that’s it’s impossible to get back to our glory days, you’ll come to terms with this is the best it’s going to be. CFB as a whole sucks now. Good kids only want to go to the same 10 schools that will throw millions at them. We are not one of them. I really would like to know how you think we can improve.

Gotta call SpaceX up. “Can we launch a rocket with only two astronauts on board, no return trip?”

I don’t totally hate everything Whit did, bball and baseball under his tenure have achieved a lot in school history.

HOWEVER, football is king and absolutely no AD can hire a third football coached after the first two got fired.

Let’s move on!

Did they play sandman?

Nothing will change until Sands is gone. He hates VT.

The consistent inability of being able to play a full 60 is maddening. We almost lost to BC last year because we just abandoned the field in the 3rd quarter. If it wasn’t for Bhayshul Tuten absolutely putting the team on his back we would’ve been screwed. I think the TD vandy got after the half was bc our CB got absolutely cooked, but even then there was no safety help. 3rd down defense play calling was also criminal. Babs also needs to lowkey be arrested bc he extended Fuente in like 20-21 when we could’ve hired Shane. I’m also getting tired of this program just tarnishing the Beamer legacy every gameday. I’ve watched this team since Tyrod and Logan Thomas man, and it’s my dream come true that I get to be here. It just feels like I’ve got here when the party is long over.

Haha and it has only gotten worse! Down 28-0 at halftime to ODU. Whit has got to go. He has destroyed our revenue generating sports. It’s so bad.

Babcock and Pry gotta go…NOW!

Whit Babcock is the biggest idiot in the ACC!  He is as bad as Fuente!  They both killed VT football.  In today’s times no player wants to play for VT!  We had the 757 and the 336 until those two had shower time!

My name is Whit Babcock and I’m terrible at my job.  Give me someone to fire so I can hide my ineffectiveness!!!

I’ll give you millions before I can even see if you can recruit.  I’m just that dumb and did I mention I will give you millions in a going away present.  Who wants to coach a dumpster fire!!!

0-3 VT's worst start since 1987!


Babcock is a cancer on VT Football.  If Pry goes, Babcock needs to go and let the rebuilding begin.


Otherwise Pry will simply get replaced by another poor Babcock hire.

Who hired Whit Babcock?  Why would you hire a former baseball player from little JMU to be the Athletic Director over all sports programs at a major university?  Babcock has taken all VT sports down to their lowest point ever.  Whoever hired Babcock needs to go if they are still there.  The VT Board of Visitors should visit somewhere else and leave VT alone.  Smart universities now have General Managers over the coaches.  The only school in worse shape is UNC with Chapel Bill.  He had a dismal losing record in New England when he didn’t have Tom Brady.  VT needs Indiana’s Curt Signetti if they can get him.

VT WON AT C'VILLE AS THE CLEAR UNDERDOG AND STILL OWNS UVA VT STILL OWNS UVA IN FOOTBALL.  21 of the last 23, 17 of the last 18.  EVEN MICHIGAN HAS DONE BETTER AGAINST OHIO STATE.

VT GOES BOWLING.  GO HOKIES!!!!!!!!

JC PRICE LEGEND. UVA SAVIOR BRONCO 1-5 VS VT. STORMING THE FIELD ON THE ROAD INCREDIBLE SCENES

Both 6-6 and they call it owning the state while we fire our coach lol

Hokies not only beat the Hoos but also beat our brain dead OC Cornelson. GO HOKIES!

I believe Fuente would have lost that game.  His teams found a way to lose when they were winning half the game.

I thought that their UVA For all Virginia commercials were kinda funny, showing all kinds of agriculture scenes. The only time anyone from UVA came even remotely close to a farm is when one of their alumni was foreclosing on it.

I think Price deserves an interview for the permanent job after saving the season like that. He's a Beamer Boy and a Hokie through and through who knows what Virginia Tech football is about. Fuente wasn't, and that's part of why I think he never really gelled with the program. It was just a job for JF. There's no doubt in my mind he would have bolted as soon as a better offer came along. Imagine what Price could do with an OC that's actually worth a damn.

&#x200B;

Go Hokies!

I didn't know travelling fans could storm the field. That was so awesome. Also loved the response by our interim coach at the end. Dude was emotional.

Armstrong does not have the makings of a top collegiate athlete

I mean uva was a 7 point underdog

So is Tech going to the next rounds or is it done? I don’t really understand how football brackets work haha

That "*for all Virginia*" sticker on their helmets is arrogant af.

Bitch you don't speak for us, or Norfolk or Harrisonburg or Williamsburg or Lynchburg (ugh). VT has more fans across the state, more fans in NoVA, more fans in Hampton Roads, comparable fans in Richmond. 

Should have been "*For cookie dough eating, ascot wearing weenie Virginia*.

My first time storming a field. Vibes were immaculate. 😮‍💨

#LANE STADIUM NORTH, MOTHERFUCKERS

Edit:

That’s MY stogie smoking head coach

[deleted]

UVA has always been the school of the landed gentry in Virginia.  Plenty of UVA alumni are "gentleman farmers"  who own farms but they usually hire VT CALS grads to do the actual farming while they are off banking, doctoring or lawyering.   LOL

Yes, that's all

I'm for it,  clearly the team is behind him....did you see what the American football coach did went he went and coached a pro soccer team in England?  heart really is a huge factor.

Cheap 4 year contract as head coach, what do we have to lose at this point

It’s not allowed technically, but nobody can stop a crowd of our size and it makes more sense to let it happen than try to prevent it from a safety perspective

I met the guy on the field and spoke to him for 30 seconds and didn’t even know it was him until I saw pics of him on Twitter today. Was great

Respectfully disagree, he injured his ankle and still threw for 400+ yards.

I think as far as stats go, he was literally THE top collegiate QB. It was either him or the fella from Pitt. 

Will he make it in the NFL? Maybe. he might have to rely on being Ed Sheeran's stunt double as a backup career.

Thanks for the analysis Junior Soprano

Tell me your bookie who gave you UVA +7

Dude...you've been reading those odds upside down for how long!?

We get to play for a bowl game, which will be announced in a few weeks

They really fucked up an opportunity “For Ole Virginia” which would have been dope and fitting and way cooler than our “GRIT” one

Fuente would have found a way to give up a pick 6 on a kneeldown.

Yeah me and my dad saw people on the other end of the stadium just walking down the steps onto the field so we walked on too, I stopped and glanced at the security guys and they were just standing to the side letting everyone walk on

I think it's pretty embarrassing for the home team though. But an awesome for sure for traveling fans. I am trying to imagine if ND fans tried to rush our field last game. That would have been crazy.

He hurt his ankle and then didnt do anything. The biggest game of his career he let a rolled ankle own him. Toughness is a 2/10.

1 person got it! Lol

Never rule out the underdog.

ESPN: wait who played Florida State tonight?

5 turnovers later......

Pregame: Losing this game really hurts a team's chances of getting to the ACC championship.

4th Qtr: Losing this game doesn't reallly hurt FSU's chances of getting to the ACC championship. 

OMG.

ESPN's commentary is the worst.  Halfway through the fourth, they were talking up Florida State's defense, giving them credit for keeping the game as close as it was.  Umm, way?  Their rush defense was cheesecloth all night.

Best use of this meme.. ever

... that’s not even a point a quarter... (Napoleon dynamite voice)

It was hilarious upsetting how quickly Herbdouche & Fowler backpedaled after the defense made FSU their bitch.  Coming into the second half they were both saying that the D ONLY lost a couple of people and still had a lot of talent left over from last year whereas during pregame they kept going on about how the D had been gutted by losses.

Let’s not forget that they were showing the FSU runner down at the 2 for the next two quarters like it was some kind of conspiracy, and when they reviewed our rush *at the goal line* on fourth down to be sure, Herbstreit had the audacity to say “Oh I guess some goal line plays get to be reviewed and others don’t.”

This aged well

retroactive r/agedlikemilk

The pre-game show was pathetic. I thought FSU was playing FSU.

Good thing the ACC Championship is chosen by a set of record based rules instead of a shadow committee using the eye test from behind closed does so ESPN can make an hour long show about it

Herbstreit has always had it out for VT.  If he says something good about us it's almost always followed up with a negative.  They were waxing on about how the D had been gutted by the draft and that the D was going to be the weak spot for the team and then second half they were trying to make it sound like the D didn't lose anybody.

I was at the game so I didn’t hear, but our offense left points on the field. The FSU defense deserve some credit. But our defense needs to be talked about for about 3 quarters of game time.

Herbstreit’s a fucking asshat. But we all knew that.

Well FSU shouldn't have played hurry up. I think they were afraid it could have been a fumble if reviewed

Sure did.

This is what I was telling my fiancé. They spent about 10 seconds talking about us, and those 10 seconds were spent second guessing our team. I hate it but I love it at the same time!

You say that, but the committee has done an incredible job so far. Haven’t disagreed with a single CFP selection so far.

Conversely, you can argue that rigid rules kept Alabama out of the SEC Championship game last year despite being the best team in the country.

In really small sample sizes especially with unbalanced schedules, like a 12 game season or 8 game conference schedule, I think subjective opinion means more than objective results.

UCF

Was ranked correctly. They had no place in a 4 team playoff. Im all for expanding to 16 so teams like UCF can have a shot... but there’s no coherent argument to put them in a 4 team playoff just because they went undefeated in a shit conference

I just disagree. But that’s why there needs to be more than 4 teams like you said. So these sorts of arguments don’t need to happen.

I just disagree. But that’s why there needs to be more than 4 teams like you said. So these sorts of arguments don’t need to happen.

The only argument for UCF is if you think there’s something sacred about having 0 losses, ignoring all context of how they got to that record and what we know about every other team.

I guess I just don’t buy that. Being undefeated is cool, but it’s not a trump card for me. Glad the committee felt the same way. 

The only thing impressive about UCF is that they didn’t happen to lose a game. But they’re schedule was a complete joke — week after week against teams that have never seen a 5 star recruit. At least in Alabama’s “weak” schedule they played against 5 star recruits and NFL talent every single game. Every team UCF played was full of rejects who weren’t recruited by major schools and will never see the NFL.

These arguments will always happen. The NFL playoffs leave teams out all the time and they’re record based. 

No matter how big the bracket there’s always going to be a team left out.

My thoughts on the matter:

The first thing I thought when I looked at it was that he was bowing to the Hokie Bird.

That UVA logo screams "nothing personnel kid."

To me it says 

“I so desperately want to be badass. I mean look at the swords. Look at the fedora, milady.  If you don’t think I’m the coolest, darkest, edgiest ever then I challenge you to watch the video I just made in my basement doing this exact pose in full Cavalier cosplay. Yeah... didn’t think so.”

Honestly who are we to judge

Keep in mind that their changes apply to ALL of their athletic wear ... while our new “logo” is only for the academic side

True, but at least we won't have the swoosh on our uniforms

Our new logo is bad, but UVA pretty much hit us with the "hold my Zima."

Virginia Tech rolling out a new logo. What do you think?

I like it better than the real one.

Please Jesus let this all be a joke.

I'm using this as my desktop background.

Needs more hokie tracks

I really liked this, so I made a wallpaper version with the "Invent the Future" tagline:

https://i.redd.it/3nr7dtx52vf01.png

The default image size is kinda tiny so I used the CRT effects to hide the pixels

Quality shitpost.

I'll take this embroidered on the back of a puffy jacket please!

Screw the desktop background, I need a tshirt!

Please tell me you have a higher resolution of this for my overcompensating monitor.

r/outrun

Quite grand!

[Yup.](http://i0.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/facebook/000/018/929/graphic_design_is_my_passion.jpg)

Better than the logo they revealed earlier today.

Are those palm trees, or palmetto trees?

Either is an excellent choice.

Paging presidents Crockett and Tubbs!

I like that they're converging the look between the logo on academic stuff and the logo on athletic stuff, but I kinda think they could have just used the existing athletic logo everywhere and called it a day.

Negative

This is amazing, someone get this on a shirt

My God, it's glorrendous.

Me too....

It's totally tubular, man, what more could you want?!?

[Gotcha covered, my man!](https://i.imgur.com/mDyNGG2.jpg)

The scanlines make me happy.

This is just quality

I'd buy a hat with this logo on it too!

Please make this a T-shirt

Sure, [here you go](https://static.needsmorejpeg.com/i/NgMN1.jpg)!

(/s  - I actually don't have a bigger one, but [here's one](https://i.imgur.com/xO32o7W.jpg) that I enlarged to 1080p with photoshop and ... still kinda looks ok)

You bastard, I just about choked on a grape. Well done.

All is well in the world again

Still, Fire Fluente

Amen.

And suddenly, 2020 is no more

Give em the spanking 👋🤚

I prayed more for a win here than to pass my finals.

still fuente has to go

Doesn’t ignore the fact that major changes need to happen, still a losing season but finishing with a W is always nice.

but yes at least the cup is back in its rightful place

Kinky

ETA: nvrmind did realize that was a kid in the pic oops

I’m not saying that there’s *causation*, but I am saying that UVA beat us last year and then someone decided to eat a bat. 

Could be a coincidence, but I think we were naive to chalk the 2019 loss up to “just a game” and not accept it for the terrible omen it clearly was. 

Also, we won this year and the vaccine got approved. Again, not saying there’s *causation* but maybe saying that someone put a curse on the cup and hell rains down on the earth whenever it’s not in Blacksburg. 

[because this is the Internet, I will clarify that all the above is said tongue in cheek]

Agreed. In a perfect world this woulda been his last season, however considering his outrageous buyout and Whit caving to “2020 excuses” he will be back a year IMO.... sadly!

Yes my brotha 🦃🙏🏼

Well obviously losing to them last year started the problems this year. So things are looking up lol

Fire Fuente and his boys and hire more legacy players is the “fix” in my mind. Imagine having Kam as a DB coach lol. Daryll Tapp has done great in his role!

Yep, looking forward to another 6-6 year

Even if Fuente gets a new OC, it would be great and more hopeful, but he won’t do anything. Should have happened last year.

This Red Dead shit has gone too far

IVE GOT A PLAN.

YER A GUD BOYH

Is this real? I'm no longer in Blacksburg.

New wallpaper who dis

HEY MISTER!

Lennnny!

I'm not sure I like where this timeline is going.

Do the horse's balls shrink though

God I miss this....

Our time has passed John

You guys, it's the Red Dead Vikendi Snow map. Am I the only one who gets this?

ONE LAST BIG SCORE

I JUST NEED SOME FAITH

Probably. Snowing today.

Yeah. Plenty of people within riding distance own horses in the area. Not to mention the vet school.

Alraight boooohhhhhyyy

Gavin?!

TAHITI

There are so many reasons I miss Blacksburg and this is one of them.

I’m telling you son! This is it!

I've lived all over Virginia and in Texas, I've traveled all over the Eastern and Midwest, and when I moved here, I decided I was here to stay.

I went back to visit this past weekend and instantly felt at home.

Spotted flying over Charlottesville today…

That's fucking amazing

No amount of rubbing it in their face will ever be too much.

[deleted]

Legend

Holy shit, this detail makes it SO much more amazing (chef’s kiss). 🤣💀

I like to think that’s part of the reason

I love the CS department :)

Of 'corse' he will.

I swear CS 2505/2506/3214 was so annoying because of this. Assignments and due dates don't sync with canvas and the site looks like it was made in 1998

God Bless McQuain. Good to see some things never change.

He acts like such a dick during lecture but is easily one of the most approachable professors outside of class. He was always helpful during office hours.

time to take a humanities class

He was a really good teacher when I had him...

It's frustrating that the due dates don't always sync and stuff but having access to the notes and stuff not tied to canvas I always found to be super helpful.

McQuain for life.  Also, Systems does a similar system, though now because of covid it's now all on discord.

I never had McQuain as a professor, but he subbed one of my CS classes for a day. He spent at least 15 minutes talking about how self-driving cars will never be a thing because a car can't tell the difference between a little girl and a dog running into the street. Not only was this incredibly off-topic, but it aged horribly. This was only 3 years ago too.

Glad to see he’s still there. Had a few good courses with him 10 years ago.

McQuain was one of my favorite professors at VT. I remember on the first day of Computer Systems he walked in the classroom and said "Welcome to Hell"

And write the textbooks and make them required for the class

Anyone want to link a website?

only got one class of my four on canvas

Big facts

> the site looks like it was made in 1998

I know right.  It doesn't even need JS to render the page and doesn't result in the browser process allocating gigabytes of memory like a lot of websites from 2018 and onward do.

The entire Computer Science department and all of its programs are dogshit dinosaur technology. The course structure is outdated as well. Taking CS at this school completely killed my love for it, glad I transferred to a different field.

😂 did he mean that if it was a dog it’s not as important to stop lol? Either case if there’s an object in the road the car should stop. I think it’s still a little while longer until self driving cars is the norm. It’ll probably be something like autopilot where you would still have to be sober and awake just in case.

Self driving cars are still forever away. Don't know if you were trying to be serious with your commment or not.

https://courses.cs.vt.edu/cs3114/Spring21/ 3114 offering for this semester

Wait. Are you saying it's a dream come true?

> The entire Computer Science department and all of its programs are dogshit dinosaur technology.

What technology are they covering that you consider obsolete and what technology should they be covering, but don't?

Made me realize I didn't want to do CS, I wanted software engineering. Go figure, puting software in the engineering department did not in fact result in a software engineering program.

His point was if the car doesn't have enough time to stop and has to choose between the dog and the child, it won't know to hit the dog. He must have not known about image recognition technology and even if the model/tech couldn't spit out a split-second decision now, it's silly to say it will never be able to in the future.

I am 100% serious. I don’t own a Tesla or anything so I’m unfamiliar with the extent of their capabilities but even my Honda drives itself (on the highway). Maybe the tech isn’t there right now but it’s silly for big M to say we’ll never get there because of one tough scenario.

I feel like I just jumped back a decade

That background texture is very 1990s.  

[https://web.archive.org/web/20210117105621/https://www.spacejam.com/](https://web.archive.org/web/20210117105621/https://www.spacejam.com/)

You misunderstand. I'm talking about WebCAT and the other various course sites.

The course work that is outdated is the heavy bend towards making Computer Science a double major, or supplementary to other engineering majors. There's a heavy focus on Computer Engineering knowledge that is nearly useless to someone who wants to work purely within the realm of computer software development. It's evident in the relatively low credit count for an engineering major, as well as the heavy overlap between ECE and CS required courses.

Most other schools offer CS outside of their engineering program for individuals looking for an education that is heavy in software development. I remember reading an article a few years ago about how students struggling in CS benefited more from technical writing tutoring than from mathematics tutoring, yet Virginia Tech still excessively emphasizes advanced mathematics that aren't necessary whatsoever for Computer Science (namely, the later Calculus classes).

There's a lot about the curriculum that could and should be changed. Before the pandemic, there were *rumors* that CS was leaving the engineering college, which is a great first step, but IDK what those plans look like now.

[deleted]

Gotcha, well hopefully that’s a very rare scenario. A lot of times people have very little control over their cars if it’s at high speed regardless. Either scenario could dodge into the direction you swerve. ABS brakes are still the best bet.

I'm curious on where in the track line you switched fields. While I understand and see your view on a lot of the points you make, I'm not too sure if I necessarily agree. That being said, I'm am ignorant towards what other schools offer, but I can share a bit of my perspective.


Advanced mathematics wasn't something I was necessarily the best at, but I can appreciate why we learn it. It's honestly probably done because VT wants their Engineering school to look prestigious, and every engineer has to take these classes. Yes, that sucks. Every school does it. Not that it's an excuse, but schools do want their degrees to hold value, and it's a benefit to us all in the end. It's a class you take as a Freshman to build skills in learning, studying, dilligence, etc. to use later on. I'm fine with it.


Speaking on the systems part of CS we learn at Tech, I think the ECE department is more than what we just learn in 2505/2506/3214. ECE goes a LOT into the physics of it, while in CS, you don't deal with that. For me personally, I really enjoyed the Systems part of CS, and it's something I would have never been introduced to if it wasn't required. Is it something everyone will end up working in or enjoying? No. Not at all. But understanding how your computer works is something I feel an important part of CS, and it's not just worthless. There may be a couple of topics that you may never use again, but the class as a whole is ultimately a good learning experience.


Lastly, I'll share a bit of my perspective on software dev jobs. To me, the biggest thing you learn from a VTCS degree is being able to learn a new code base and how to add on to it, or how to start a project from scratch only using the tools you know. While there's more too it, this is fundamentally what you have to do as every employer has their own code base, things they use, limitations, etc. Expanding your views on what's out there and what to keep in mind is apart of having a CS degree to me, and I do feel like just wanting to go straight into software dev isn't the right mindset, and there's already ways to do that without a degree.

[deleted]

I never used WebCAT that much when I was an undergrad in CS (close to 20 years ago now), but I never really had many problems with the Curator.

But what's the specific issue about the course sites?  The only thing I've seen mentioned are inconsistent due dates listed for course assignments, which is a problem that could easily be fixed.

[removed]

> I had to fight to get OS course to use something other than CVS, in ~2015.

When I took the equivalent in 2004, we didn't even use source control.  Was it Dr. Back who was insisting on CVS?  I remember him using it for a number of projects he was working on back in 2006 through 2009 which made some sense given the time frame.  But most places that were using source control were using SVN by then.  I didn't start using git until around 2010.  I'm surprised that he hadn't transitioned to using that in 2015 though for a course.  I could understand if he continued using it for source control for existing projects he maintained if the git cvsimport tool wasn't able to handle the repositories he uses for source control.

But if you really want an example of old technology, when I took the compiler course in 2007, we had to use a virtual machine program called hypomac.  When running the program, it would display a message with the year it was last updated (which, IIRC, was 1981).  That professor, now retired, also insisted on us printing out the source code for assignments and turning them in in addition to uploading them to his ftp server.  I managed to convince him to accept a pdf of the source code instead though :).

But I think these instances come down to specific professors rather than the department as a whole.  They certainly could do a better job in ensuring that various technologies are used (for instance, comparing a client-server VCS versus a distributed VCS) rather than sticking to technology that's out of date for certain courses.  A big example of this is the primary language used to teach lower level courses.  When I was there, it was C++, but they were transitioning to Java.  I could still see evidence that they had finished transitioning off of Pascal when I first started though (in 2002).

[removed]

> It's honestly probably done because VT wants their Engineering school to look prestigious, and every engineer has to take these classes. Yes, that sucks. Every school does it. Not that it's an excuse, but schools do want their degrees to hold value, and it's a benefit to us all in the end.

I think this is an *incredibly* toxic viewpoint to have. Why should we force people to suffer just so that they get some useless "prestige" for having gone through a difficult program? There's zero net benefit to society. In fact, there's zero net benefit to you as an individual as well. [Research](https://www.npr.org/2020/06/20/880379282/the-mind-of-the-village-understanding-our-implicit-biases) shows that [the school you get your degree at doesn't matter](https://www.investopedia.com/articles/personal-finance/051915/university-prestige-really-important.asp) when it comes to earnings in either the short term (immediately after college) and long term (many years after completing your education).

While having rigorous coursework [is statistically correlated with improved learning retention](https://www.edweek.org/leadership/studies-find-desirable-difficulties-help-students-learn/2011/04), that difficulty must serve a *purpose*. Having to grapple with a terrible, 40-year-old grading system, sitting in line for literally five hours waiting for a TA, etc is not purposeful. It doesn't teach you anything other than "getting a CS degree sucks".

> I'm curious on where in the track line you switched fields.

I switched into Political Science this semester, which is my second semester of Junior year. I held out all the way to 2506 and 3114 and at that point I started to completely flounder. Part of it was the pandemic making getting feedback on coding projects next to impossible. Part of it was a complete lack of interest in the course work on my part, mainly because most of everything in 2505 and 2506 (other than learning C) felt like a waste of time (I have no need nor desire to learn about how to build a circuit, and if the claim is that it teaches logical operators, Linear Algebra already does that and in a less convoluted and directly applicable way).

I just felt like the curriculum was throwing shit at the wall and hoping it stuck. I didn't feel like I'd be able to more effectively apply my programming knowledge to new scenarios. In fact, I'd go so far as to say that my programming skills barely changed from high school to my second year of college. I didn't learn anything other than how to program in new languages, and how to use JUnit testing in Java. I didn't feel like I learned any useful problem solving or code development strategies. I didn't feel like I learned how to better think about edge cases, especially because in order to accommodate WebCAT's auto-grader, some edge cases were automatically excluded as possible inputs and others weren't, and this distinction was largely arbitrary.

I won't put the blame solely on the course structure and content. The CS administration is also incompetent and lazy (the school had to *threaten* the *head* of the CS Department to update the server software for rLogin because it was decades out of date and possibly a FERPA violation). But it's a large combination of factors that make CS generally unpleasant to take at VT unless you're double majoring or minoring for engineering applications.

[deleted]

Exactly. The fact that, despite being one of the "best" schools for Computer Science in the state, we don't have practically *any* distinct **in-major** tracks in a field as diverse as CS is just a travesty.

WebCAT is a terrible grading system. It can't handle the load from the much, much larger CS population, its appearance is horribly outdated and difficult to navigate, and during a crucial time where meeting with a CS tutor, TA, or professor is harder than ever, they removed some of the site's feedback functionality, meaning you know next to nothing about why your code failed. Grading criteria is obscenely strict, to the point that TAs last semester were having to essentially tell people what edge cases they were missing or what was wrong with their code because too many people needed too much assistance. It also crashes frequently, or flags things incorrectly.

I think an Engineering degree *can* hold some benefit, but I don't think the trade off is worth it. I think having the option to take it in either is the best choice (this is what many institutions do) but since Virginia Tech's CS Department doesn't seem to want to diversify major tracks (CMDA and all these new CS-adjacent degrees don't even fall under the CS degree program) the best way to make a best-size-fits-all degree program for Computer Science is to house it in the liberal arts and sciences college.

[deleted]

Not only that, but with the suggestions made in the comment you're responding to, the bachelor's degree in CS would in no way prepare you to for a post graduate degree program in CS.

You might <think> that but not really no.

In the work force a HUGE majority of programmers have no idea how their computers work or how most of the technologies that power a computer work. The majority just want cpus and ram to compile and want cpu's and ram for their apps to run on. 

Even with all the AWS and Azure and the rest of the virtual solutions out there, very few programmers, even newly graduated ones have an inkling of how they work, function or are delivered.

There is NOTHING wrong with that. There are specialists that deal with that aspect.

Having a broad based understand of computers and how they operate and how virtualization and bare metal systems work is a great add to your resume and may likely lead you towards a wider variety of job opportunities but not having that understanding won't hinder or limit them either.

To further add, this is why the BIT program at VT is so successful. It is a blend that promotes a wider base of understanding of IT. If any CS major becomes frustrated they should seriously look to move to BIT as it provides a base in the business - accounting and the like as well as technology and programming.

Edit for grammar and missing words...

> I think this is an incredibly toxic viewpoint to have. Why should we force people to suffer just so that they get some useless "prestige" for having gone through a difficult program? There's zero net benefit to society. In fact, there's zero net benefit to you as an individual as well. Research shows that the school you get your degree at doesn't matter when it comes to earnings in either the short term (immediately after college) and long term (many years after completing your education).


Appreciate your response. I didn't make this clear, but I do agree with your sentiment. Just moreso reasoned out why it exists. It's more of a "shit sucks but oh well" for me. Not like I could / it could likely change.


Other than that, I agree with a lot of your experiences in CS. COVID didn't help either, and I can imagine taking those classes to be way harder if I did it during COVID. Learning more than Java is a big critique I have for the program as well, and it isn't til maybe your CS electives and Comparative Languages I feel you actually do something outside of that entire ecosystem. I have taken alot of CS electives though here at Tech, and I can say I've enjoyed them a lot.


I'm glad to hear your enjoying your new major though, and I appreciate hearing your perspective. Best of luck!

Tooling changes over time, but having the abillty to learn how to learn new tools is what the degree program gives you.  When I went through the degree program, git wasn't really used in industry yet.  Now it's dominant.  But because I had learned about graph theory, data structures, and file systems, I didn't have trouble understanding the documentation for git or how it works at a low level.

Others are stuck having to copy and paste commands from stackoverflow because they don't have that background.

That said, designing systems at a higher level (how do you integrate technologies like presentation, storage and networking) could be something that the CS program could do better, because that's something that industry needs, but new graduates don't have a good idea how to go about that without gaining experience in industry over time.

> Now I just wish there were better ways to get VCS into the hands of more "authors" (researcher, writers, hobbyist, chefs, etc) so they can have better tooling for sharing and collaborating

A lot of these VCSs were designed for software development in mind.  Most people who aren't into that are more interested in a system that keeps  back ups with notes and can be accessed by multiple people to make changes.  Something with the capabilities of git is overkill and they could use something like Google drive or etherpad instead.

> And the department heads should have enough of a cohesive long term vision to help ensure that the curriculum flows. At least that's my opinion.

When I was there, Dr. Kafura was the department head.  Then he stepped down and they were searching for a new department head when Dr. Ryder took the position.  I haven't kept up after that, but my guess is that they didn't try to enforce a coherent policy beyond the language used in the undergraduate cirriculum.  But given what you're saying, they haven't really made much of an improvement since I graduated.

> So yeah idk, mixed feelings about the CS program that's for sure lol.

Free riding project partners is a well known issue in many settings unfortunately.  I've had my fair share of experience with that in quite a fuew pairings and groups over the years.

> Appreciate your response. I didn't make this clear, but I do agree with your sentiment. Just moreso reasoned out why it exists. It's more of a "shit sucks but oh well" for me. Not like I could / it could likely change.

Ah you did, I'm just burnt out from trying to distinguish syllabi from each other when every class has "Theory of Politics/Political Theory/etc" or some variation thereof in the title -_-

I do wish I got some web development experience in CS before I left, as that's useful regardless of what field you're going into (especially HTML and CSS), but those aren't included in any of the core curricula for CS.

[deleted]

Web development, for a while was affected by the framework of the day issue.  When I was there, they had a course called introduction to the internet that did teach you how to use HTML, CSS, and javascript to host simple webpages (though I took it before JS frameworks were a thing, even jquery).  IIRC, the course also covered XHTML, XPath, and XSLT.

Knowing basics like that would be useful, but having a course that specifically teaches frameworks like React or Vue would not be, because things change over time and while what's used in 2020 could be taught.  By the time you're in industry 3 to 5 years later and work for a number of years, those frameworks may no longer be relevant and a completely different framework is considered industry standard.

That said, even if you learn about technologies that are outdated, the degree program does prepare you to know how to learn a new language, framework, or whatever and not get stuck on what was in fashion at the time you were going through the program.

> Not the VT degree program where using anything but the pre-approved assignment tools is the standard.

I also went through the VT CS program and now use a VCS, config management tool, container management tool, and languages that I didn't know when I graduated.  What the CS program taught me was the importance of reading documentation and how to understand it.  I now have to work with people who have no idea what the man command is for on any Linux or Debian distro.

> There was and still is no encouragement of any VCS from the early classes.
>
> It's a critical tool, regardless of which one you choose that shouldn't be shoehorned into a 3rd year class, was my point. 

It's a very good point and I agree with you.  When I went through the program, source control wasn't really given much thought because it wasn't thought of as a critical component 20 years ago.  But there's no excuse not to treat is as one today.  Assignments should be pushed to a git server and not only graded on whether the assignment works, but also the quality of the version control history (meaning one's grade would be reduced if they had commits like "now it works" and "fixed bug").  When I went through the lower courses, they evaluated programs by the quality of their inline documentatoin.  If you were missing function documentation blocks, you would lose points.

> But having taught classes to co-workers on both git and mercurial, I needed none of that to teach how to use the tool effectively. Because they were not going out and designing a new git workflows or git based tooling. They needed to just work on code, together. 

I'm not sure of the background of the co-workers you taught, but why would they need classes to learn how to use a VCS rather than just read through a getting started tutorial (create repository, commit code, push to remote, fetch from remote, etc)?  In general, people need to learn how to take time to read through documentation.  Otherwise, you never gain more than a superficial understanding of what you're working with.  If it's something you use on a daily basis, then having that deep understanding proves to be very valuable.

>> Others are stuck having to copy and paste commands from stackoverflow because they don't have that background.

> That's a black and white fallacy. There is a huge swath between those extremes. 

That has been my experience.  It really comes down to people who don't want to bother reading documentation and just want to copy and paste commands somewhere to get their changes into source control.  Then when it comes time to review, I see several merge commits and 10 other commits to make 3 lines of changes.

I had no idea what git was when I graduated.  When we started using it at my workplace, it took me a couple of days to get up to speed.  I also spent several weeks reading documentation and resources to become the subject matter expert.

>  think if VT better understood the utility of having a SE/SA track within the CS department then we would be cooking with gas. 

I'm not saying there isn't room for improvement in the program.  At least when I went through it, I felt I was well prepared, and with years of industry experience, I never really had problems figuring things out over time.  That said, you have more recent experience with the program compared to me (now being out of it for more than a decade), so some of the deficiences are more evident now than they were when I went through it.

Me waiting for my teachers to input my grades so I can graduate

Bonus points for when your professor is a cunt and accuses most of the class (of seniors) for cheating on an assignment two days before graduation. Yeet.

tbt when my buddy went to graduation and on his walk he got a letter saying he wasn't finished.  Turns out his teammates all gave him a 0/5 on the design project final peer review which was like a third of the class grade.  He spent the next month sorting it out and missed his trip to his home country.  He claimed he got no feedback from his partners.

Me willing COVID-19 to die:

COME ON SARS!

Anybody have a problem where research just suddenly is missing from your dars report?

out for me

Anyone else's dars say they need like 300 more credits to graduate? (CS major if that matters)

[deleted]

On the flip as someone who never cheated in college with an engineering degree it was very frustrating being surrounded by people cheating flippantly all the time.  Tough luck to any cheaters (and I'm sure there are some), I worked too damn hard to have my curve shafted by folks who went out three+ times a week.

Edit: woops made all the cheaters map

Oh wow, that sounds like a bad glitch

That's rough, buddy

Good thing you don't need the curve since u study so much!

Congrats on the 4.0.... must be flippin' amazing to be that smart!

> I worked too damn hard to have my curve shafted by folks who went out three+ times a week.

>Edit: woops made all the cheaters map

Since when is it a competition? You either learn the content or you don't. This isn't an ethical matter. You get a job based on what you know. The GPA just changes what doors are open to you. It's your fault for sacrificing a higher GPA for your *definition* of "integrity". You stunted yourself. 

Imagine if you had used your resources AND worked as hard as you did. You'd have had a perfect 4.0GPA and half the stress.

Or they’re just fuckin smarter than you

I assume it is. 3 of my other CS friends are having the same issue

I took between 19 and 21 credit hours and worked 25 hours a week. Always working and taking classes winter and summer too. Four years of borderline starvation and a motivation for a better life! In my hardest classes everybody used cheg. I’m not a student now but I could bet you a solid portion of the student population in a completely school from home environment will be cheating.

Started with a 2.4 freshman year but built  it up to a 3.2 Or so

It’s literally in the ethical code of the university and subject to the honor court?

My major wasn’t very difficult just volume intensive.

Cheg is extremely common in engineering at least when I was in school.

It definitely is. Cs requires you to take 124 credits to graduate. 300 credits is impossible

No need to be defensive! I was complementing you! However, you highlight a good point. It is more effective to "work smarter, not harder."

Are you the kind of person who doesn't smoke pot or didn't drink before you were 21, simply because they're against the law?

To each their own, but my worldview is that you can pick and choose what arbitrary rules you want to follow. If it doesn't hurt anyone or have ethical or moral implications, then it is fair game.

Cheats are fake and I laugh with glee at their expulsion.

No I’ve been doing drugs sense I was a kid. I partied in college but I spent more nights in McBride 100 doing assignments or studying for exams than I did having fun.

I wouldn't be so quick to hate. Would you agree that some tasks are repetitive or unnecessary if you already understand a topic? Additionally, it is common knowledge that grades (and GPA) do not correlate to understanding or knowledge (see curves). Therefor, it stands to reason that someone who desires knowledge would not want to waste time completing these meaningless assignments while still remaining competitive in the flawed gpa system.

It’s breaking the rule book (aka cheating) and punishable by extreme sanctions up to expulsion, it also breaks the curve. When I had a 3 week crash course in static’s with Hendricks with 2 Pearson homework’s a day each 2ish hours long  you might imagine it s quite frustrating to stomach students joking casually while the professor is out of the room about using cheg.

Look im all for equality of opportunity, but it's your fault for not using resources available to you. Don't complain when you handicapped yourself... working with others and teaching yourself is fine as long as you understand the material. Maybe you need to re-evaluate what the goal you are working towards is?

I worked my ass off and it paid off it just sucks seeing all these cheaters not try at all and get cushy jobs paying twice the average graduation pay cause they got a frat hookup and cheated their way through college. I look down on those dogs. 

I couldn’t even afford cheg half the time cause I was too poor.

Edit:  it’s funny I just remembered a video I watched in marketing about how people always mentally justify cheating as just getting ahead like everybody else.

Math department be vibin

Bruh I had an A in multivariable calculus the whole semester up until I nearly failed the final.  It’s like the common time is designed to make you fail, not test what you know.

*laughs in math empo*

The math empo is such a flawed way to teach. We pay thousands of dollars to attend one of the best schools in the country and you're forced to put solo cups on computers to get help

Granted this was over 15 years ago when I attended, but I still think about it some today. The math department hates you, and is awful at understanding the student's needs. They simply think you are a stupid piece of shit and they hate the thought that they should be there for you and not the other way around. It is a culture problem that from the sound of it has never been fixed.

Math empo is a disgrace. 

Almost every other school manages to actually teach classes, and decent calculus, matrix algebra instructors are relatively cheap.

Liking the carti leaks

They make the math classes way harder than they need to be. I don't know why they want students to fail...

One of my favourite characters

the multivar common time from last semester was painful

Taking MultiVar rn... keep me in prayers

The multivar common time always fucks, you just have to have a professor who doesn't care about it and grades based on his/her final instead.

I did the opposite, had a D up until the final, pulled of a 96 to get a C and not have to take it again. Professor was so bad at teaching, even with me sitting in the front every class, I only learned it when I pulled an all-nighter before the final and taught myself my own ways. So many times at tech I would wonder why i even payed for these math professors  when I end up teaching myself...

Imagine getting A’s

Calling it “teaching” is generous.

Back in the olden days (2010) I was a math tutor there. Trust me when I say they spared no expense ($7.25/hr) when it came to the quality of the tutors.

Selling this shoe I found near Pritchard hmu for a price

I'll trade you one catalytic converter for it

Dude if you want I to make it a pair, I just lost one shoe that looks almost identical. You can have the other one if you want.

Edit: check my post for a pic of it

I’ll give you a dollar and a high five.

I love how this sub has grown to where meta shitposts are available instead of the usual "what are my chances" or "how is this professor" threads

I’m looking for a show, not a shoe. Not interested 👎

lol

I find it hilarious that the post just before this one was about a guy loosing his shoe..hmm the carpet looks kinda familiar

Excuse me missus, I’ve lost a shoe…like this one. It’s like this one’s fellow…it’s sort of the exact opposite in fact of that - not an evil version, you know, a shoe like this…but for the other foot.

Would’ve been funnier if you didn’t take the picture on the same rug

How to catch a thief - 101

Barf included?

I'll give you a 12 pack of beer and 10 McNuggets

Invent the future

I’ll trade you the rest of my car for your catalytic converter.

Lmaoo

i'll give you about tree-fiddy

The chord does, too

VT BEAR 2020

My previous post still stands. Someone wrestle that damn bear by Sunday and you get a $200 DX shopping spree.

Back in my day, we had a horse on a treadmill

Somewhere in the distance is a jealous squirrel and duck couple

~~Hokies~~ Bears

F

Bear market confirmed

They’re really popular at the CRC. Trash cans are always flipped and people don’t really bat an eye at it anymore. Hopefully it’s not spreading to campus but I think that’s the only way Montgomery county will act up and do something about it

Wait there was a bear on campus?

FREE MY MAN MR BEAR HE AINT DO SHIT

Kyle Fuller

Driving back on Sunday be like...

Pro tip: it adds some time and Google will never route you this way, BUT you'll stay moving and if it's really bad it can actually be a trip saver.

If coming south you can take exit 141 and then turn left. Go to the round about and take the first exit onto Rt 311. Take a left onto Bradshaw. It's not far from the round about. That will turn into Rt 622. That takes you  up and around on a 2 lane back road and eventually dumps out onto Rt 603. If you turn left here it takes you to exit 128 which is the exit it usually tries to get you off 81 and onto 460 to go up through Salem if going north. That will put you at the bottom of Christiansburg mountain and the 3 lane section of 81.

It's basically taking you around on the north side of 81 instead of the south side where it's jammed packed with trucks and stop lights.

Look on Maps and you'll see it make more sense. You can technically get all the way straight into downtown this route, but it may not be the best as far as time goes.

https://imgur.com/a/NIexr6u

Blacksburg Rd always comes in clutch 💯

i saw this meme and now our eta is 20 mins shorter, thanks!

This happens every time students return from break. Every. Time.

Roanoke/Salem were hell earlier

Hey I’m from Salem and then lived in Roanoke for over a decade. I know it like the back of my hand 😂

But yeah, 81 has been really, really bad lately. I have to travel to Roanoke twice a month on Sundays and it’s gotten to the point I just take the backroads because there’s always something. 

There’s a neat little scenic drive down Ellett and then back into the country that then takes you to Catawba/back down to Salem. It takes about 10-ish more minutes than taking 81 on a non-backed up day and sometimes I prefer it.

I remember taking the express bus (NoVa/Vienna metro to campus) it was a good 4-5 hour ride like a jail bus or military recruits. Silent and ominous… once you get off the bus it’s back to torture/studies

*Me in Salem just hating the traffic and glad I don't have to go back until tomorrow*

i left the nashville area at 4:30 CST and got home at 1:30 EST. if you’re curious that’s 2 hours longer than it should’ve been

Expect the unexpected 😂

[deleted]

The people in charge of 81 in Salem should be publicly tried for being complete ass wipes.

God it was such a mess. That drive was miserable start to finish. It was 81 all the way from PA for me

Idk what it was called, but when we drove out of Blacksburg last week we took a 2-lane hilly backroad for about 30 minutes to end up right before Roanoke, and that was the most miserable I’ve ever been in a car lmao. I was staring daggers out of the front windshield and still getting motion sick. Felt like we were rally racing in Amish country.

I love Salem and Roanoke, no shit talking

^^^ I’m from Roanoke and this is how I go home on breaks because not as many people know about it

You can follow that back road all the way into downtown Blacksburg, but beware that during good weather, that road is full of bicyclists and there are a ton of blind hills/corners.

This is pretty much how I came in, even if it was a little longer staying moving makes it 100x better. Plus very pretty

[deleted]

It's pretty, too. My favorite way to go from here to ROA.

Shh don't tell them about it

[deleted]

This is why you should get to know people instead of assuming things about them from your windshield.

Northern urbanite try not to call a rural area with more than 1 tree a KKK stronghold challenge (impossible)

Whitehall NY is more Klan territory than Roanoke/Salem

[deleted]

Be being from that area 😐

>people in charge of 81 in Salem

Who do you think is "in charge" of the interstate? What do you want them to do to make your life better?

VDOT is spending lots of money to widen the highway to three lanes while maintaining traffic. It really wasn't possible to take down all the Jersey barriers or do anything else in the construction zone.

Perhaps if "people in charge" of driving their own vehicles paid attention to driving and everyone else on the road instead of driving like they are the only one that matters, there wouldn't be as many wrecks.

Oh, it's definitely not the poor weather conditions route.

Oh, it's a lovely drive during daylight hours. It's a great stretch of road if you enjoy more enthusiastic driving also.

Just go to google maps to figure it out.  No one that’s not real familiar with the area could do it without a map.

https://imgur.com/a/NIexr6u

Probably because I got the adhd brain too. Here. Drew around the route numbers. The road doesn't do that.

Exactly my question…

Bc they/them is an ignorant sluss who equates rural with Klan. Would prob need an inhaler and therapy if they saw someone open carry.

Also one of the most segregated cities in the southern US.

Edit: Okay y’all can downvote me if you want but try googling it first. Maybe “in the southern US” is a bit of hyperbole, but it is certainly up there in Virginia. Roanoke is historically, and continues to be, highly segregated by race and class. Though you could probably say that about many US cities.

Your reply is bullshit. When there are multiple crashes every day and people killed in accidents on a regular basis in one part of an interstate, it’s a problem with the road and the people n charge of it.

Yeah I was having a ton of fun with my stick shift car lol

[deleted]

What is the % of people that drive on that road and crash?

(1) People unfamiliar with this area should not be driving the way they do on the stretch of i81.

(2) That section has been getting slowly improved for over a decade - literally moving earth is not as easy as making a simple road.

Here is the current expansion: https://www.virginiadot.org/projects/salem/interstate-81-widening-exit-137-to-141---roanoke-county-and-city-of-salem.asp - Almost $300 MILLION dollar project.

There is usually a meeting every 1-2 years about expanding i81 but almost none of the VT population ever shows up to voice their opinion. Show up next time and maybe they’ll be more inclined to move these projects up in priority.

Agreed.

It’s amazing how people come on here and defend VDOT. Blows my mind. Are you one of the people working on this horrible administered project or what? It’s shouldn’t take 4 years and hundreds of accidents to expand one lane. It shouldn’t take 6 hours to take a 4 hour trip. It shouldn’t be dangerous other than normal dangers to drive to Blacksburg and back for a game.

>	Are you one of the people working on this horrible administered project or what?

Not everyone that disagrees with you works for the “other side”.

>	It’s shouldn’t take 4 years and hundreds of accidents to expand one lane.

What are your qualifications on this? Did you show up to the VDOT public meeting and show us what it should actually cost and take. Obviously not.

>	It shouldn’t be dangerous other than normal dangers to drive to Blacksburg and back for a game.

It isn’t. People are always driving too fast for i81’s conditions like it’s the same conditions as northern stretch, i495, or i77/74. Would you rather have the state increase patrols WAY up and ticket everyone for speeding and following too closely? That should help reduce accidents.

The highway was declared inadequate about 10 years ago. Several solutions were put forth to expand the number of lanes, including a plan that called for separate truck lanes. No one (politicians) wanted to pay for any of the work, so the plans were all shelved without any further development. Gov. Northam finally got things moving by pushing for an increase in the gas tax in counties that I-81 runs through to provide funds for additional lanes and other improvements. Some of the worst sections are getting attention now as money is available.

Again, what do you think should be done right now to satisfy your rant?

A lot of the problems come down to what ddshd said, "People unfamiliar with this area should not be driving the way they do" Actually, anyone driving on I-81 needs to drive with caution.

If I were Virginia Tech, I would simply set our testing to wumbo

[deleted]

I'm never giving a cent to VT when I'm out

I wumbo, you wumbo, he she me wumbo.

Is Tim Sands a "Dr" as in PhD?

My friend goes to Duke and I’m honestly sad to say that their covid response is another thing they’re beating us at.

I wonder if I see him on campus and be like “Hi Timmy” if it would A) piss him off, and B) get me in trouble

Or both.

He needs to treat all the on-campus students to pizza and give some swag to these new students that feel like they are in prison and are getting "written up" for things like going to the bathroom down the hall or talking to a floormate in the hall or in their room.

I think the only donation I would consider would be towards the department that I am a graduate of.

I am out. And I’m not giving a cent either. Sands’ response to COVID is embarrassing. They should sack him.

[deleted]

Wumbo. Wumboing. Wumbology!?

PhD in Materials Science and Engineering from UC Berkeley.

Any yacht you can get while also buying a house isn't worth having. He's Tim Sands, not some measly VP.

Yes, you can choose where the funding is awarded!

This guy gets paid nearly half a million a year to disappoint me, week after week.

This dude gets more than most surgeons. Let that sink in. Dudes who spent 15 years in school, literally have lives in their hands every day, still paid less than some dude who could be replaced with the Ask Madden feature on Xbox.

god dammit, brad

Fire stinespring

I think that Whit should tell Fuente he has to replace Brad, if he refuses, then he can resign in protest and not get his buy out.

Quite a disappointment at Homecoming ! The great Cornholio needs to be flushed ! 💩

hes an absolutely terrible coach. he doesnt bring in good talent. he doesnt develop players. he doenst play to the teams strengths. oh yeah and his go to 3rd and short playcall is a fade.

He needs to go! He gets paid more than most of us will ever to do worse than a kid playing madden NFL

The OC, Fuente and AD all need to be run out of town for these piss poor games. #FireFuente

Half a million? What a ripoff, I could disappoint twice as many people for 1/4th the price.

🌽🌽🌽🌽🌽

If I had another shot at life, I'd honestly try to be a coach at a big school. No, seriously. That's the money right there 🥴. You make more than the US president, the school's president, the governor, lead heart surgeons... 

wild.

The fans are showing up and paying alot of money in the process - Whit has an obligation to HOKIE Nation to present a (much) better product than what Fuente and Corny are capable of. 

I think it would be counterproductive to release the coaching staff mid-season but if Fuente is coaching next spring it's on Whit at that point.

GO HOKIES!

Watching our Hokie football team week in and week out is exhausting, frustrating and disappointing. We should be fielding a top 25 team every year and expect nothing less. Winning starts at the top and now is the time to find the leaders that will turn our program around. I feel bad for the student athletes who give it their all and leave it on the field every week. Let’s Go Hokies!

It's absurd without a doubt, but the only way to change it is to stop feeding the beast. And as much as people complain about VT football, they're still whipping out their credit cards without hesitation.

What a fuckin bum

Cornie is Fuente's Andy Richter; tho Fuente ain't no Conan neither...

Both need to go at this point.

Welcome to Virginia Tech athletics.

Spend money on actual academics please. There are still buildings on campus without air conditioning.

my orgo class is tryna persuade dr.berg to replace him because historically, orgo professors make epic football coaches

To get rid of Cornelson, we have to get rid of Fuente. To get rid of Fuente, we have to get rid of Whit. They just extended Whit 5 more years. We're going to be bad for a long time.

Poor you.  I don't get paid to hear all you whiners each week.

I tried swiping to see additional photos of coaching staff. I was disappointed again.

He gets paid 3.5 million a year and somehow he still sucks ass

Yep imagine 4 years of college, 4 years of medical school, x years of residency after which to start making the money and this dude makes more.

How does one become a college coach? Are they in demand? I need to become one sheesh! 4 million is not easy haha…

When folks in the stands can call what is about to happen, I know a visiting DC crew can too.

You should look at what Tim Sands, the top administrators and a bunch of professors at VT are getting paid.  It is the same deal at other schools too.   These academics and college coaches are the new robber barons.   I think the highest paid employee of the Commonwealth of Virginia is the basketball coach at VCU.

Edit: I was wrong the highest paid state employee is the FORMER president of ODU. https://www.bizjournals.com/washington/news/2021/09/06/virginia-state-salaries-2021.html

a loooooot of people get paid more than surgeons

my high school ran a more complex offense

Dammit Janet!

I remember those years 😂 last I heard he ended up at JMU somewhere

YEAH! Wait

I agree but this should have been done after 2019… a good program would do that at least.

Ryan Willis

I think you mean 3rd and jet sweep?

I’ll defend the AD because he did give us our basketball coach and the AD when I was a student was much worse. At least we can look forward to basketball. When I was there it was football or zip. Occasionally we had an interesting basketball season.

AD? No. Most of our sports are doing fine outside of Football

Who should we replace Fuente with?

I'll write down the plays on slips of paper and pull them out of a hat for $50K/year
     
That'll probably get better results, too. How would any opposing defense be able to prepare for a kindof-randomly generated gameplan?

And if you get canned you get a big buyout and then next year some other dumb school hires you and you start all over again.

Well… to be realistic it’s probably just as hard for a high school coach to make it to division 1 (let alone the NFL) as it is for a player. Small junior kid leagues it’s usually volunteer they don’t get paid 😂. Usually ex players become coaches but not always.

Still boggles my mind though maybe some like Fuente accidentally enter the league… you’d think a strong high school coach gets hired for a college gig, then a better college team gig, then nfl or a stronger team etc. all we have on Fuente is a good record at Memphis

I'd just be born to rich parents. Much less work.

Can anyone print flyers and post around campus?

If we even had something resembling a competent offense we would be great.  I mean we just held one of the best offenses in college football to just 4 scores.  They are averaging 52 points a game.  I hate watching the defense makes plays just for the offense to constantly shit the bed

I agree, I just feel blessed each year I was there during the BCS and ACC championship years. (2006-2012). We were used to at least being ranked… top 10 was common.

If I was this bad at my job, I'd be homeless 3 years ago.

Can't do that. If you give up or stop buying season tickets you lose your spot or location if they are good seats. They know this so they know for the most part people will keep buying the tickets regardless. It is a damn shame though that they have to extort people like that when the product is bad on the field.

Not me. Haven’t been in 6 years. If they play up at FedEx I’ll go usually since it’s in my backyard

Box fans at Walmart

Anyone who doesn’t get this joke doesn’t know the history of football

My graduation cap for tomorrow!

Kinda jealous you got to do the patent law minor. They started that my junior or senior yeah (can’t remember which). Enjoy and congrats!

Congratulations!

Congratulations!!!

Congratulations! Love the cap!

Go back to watching Yugioh nerd

I did the patent law minor, and I graduated in 13 (it was called science, engineering, and law when I was there) and I was the first graduating class for that minor. You going into patent law?

[deleted]

I've been a patent litigator for a little over two years. Feel free to PM me with any questions. Cool to talk to other Hokies getting into the field

to the girl crying in the bathroom at turners while i’m having explosive diarrhea: i’m sorry

Was she crying *because* you had such explosive diarrhea?

Should’ve slid her the number to cook counseling. She’s gonna need it after that

Tis the time of the semester for crying meltdowns. I know it happened to me every semester of grad school here. It's a far healthier way to handle the stress than other options.

Nothing like uncontrollably sobbing while singing along to The Middle by Jimmy Eat World as you're driving some one and seven-eights lane (as opposed to two lane) back road thinking about everything you have to get done between now and hitting submit on finals. I wish I could say that exact scenario only happened once. The local alternative station programming has incredibly crappy timing.

Good luck everyone!

Idk about you but this cheered me up.

Turners is one of the better places to have a breakdown.  My biggest one happened in Hancock first semester freshman year

D2 will get ya!

I'm still trying to wrap my head around you crying while having explosive diarrhea.

Bruh, I don't know when this happened, but VT food has been disagreeing with me lately. Feel very gassy each week

F

It’s about that time isn’t it

This is the kinda shit I sub for

More and more people calling it "Turners" nowadays I'm losing faith in my fellow hokies

Lmaooo

...wtf

Bruh

Drop the S

It’s Turner

she just wanted a mercy flush

Towards the end of one of my last semesters, one night I couldn’t sleep, so I got up at 3am and drove for 2 like hours listening to Post Malone on literally full volume, driving around the back roads outside of the burg. It was exactly what I needed at the time, and I’ll never forget that spontaneous mid night drive.

Yeah if anything, this stopped me from crying

Personally my favorite was the bus ride home while staring out the window after classes

D2 slander smh this is clearly the work of Qdoba. The crime scene is turners.

Fr u don't wanna know how we make the shit

I think it's just the cold makin' us feel all up tight lately.

Maybe they’re starting to serve leftovers from the previous day …

Turner Place at Lavery Hall does not have a single S how come people still call it Turners

I was a part time BT driver, and finals was always the worst. I saw breakdowns every shift.

Mandela effect

From a current BT driver, thanks for the heads up.

WANTED: Justin Fuente

I just wanna not dread Saturdays anymore…

$4,000,000 reward

I think you mean unwanted lmao get rid of him

Can they cancel his return flight and leave him in Atlanta?

😂 10 million 💵💵💵 up front, take the cash and the coach …..please

Genuine question coming from a person who has only ever done individual sports that don't rely on a coach to do well. Why does the coach in football matter so much that we all hate Fuente when the team loses? In my personal experience it is the athlete that caused the loss not the coach. But I also know nothing about football.

F U C K

U

E

N

T

E

I think you guys are forgetting that he’s human too and VT is more than football

If this is how VT coaches are treated, good luck finding a successor.

Hypothetically…. could we ourselves buy out his contract? Say we each donated $10-$20 …..

You need $10m to buy him out

What I think general consensus is (but I could easily be wrong this is the first season I’ve started paying attention to CFB) is that it’s  ***mostly*** the recruitment, playmaking decisions, and offensive coordination causing it, not really lack of player skill. And even if the athletes are the reason for the losses, then the coach is at fault for recruiting them.

Football is the sport where tactics and game plan and management are the most important of any sport. It is not a fluid sport like soccer or basketball where the game pretty much doesn't stop. There is a strategy every down. The coaches are responsible for drawing up a strategy for the players to execute it based on strengths of the team, weakness of the other team, how many points are needed, how much time is left, etc. Fuente and co have basically blundered every fucking time going into half, going down to the last few minutes, and just generally are never clutch or can put away games. They also struggle to be consistent in any way possible because the offense can light it up one drive, then the coaches go back to their conservative playbook and get us 3-and-outed every time after. It is the same shit every fucking game and he needs to be fired.

I'm oversimplifying, but in football the coaching staff design a new strategy against each them they play. In that strategy they identify weak points in the other team (a slow runner, someone who can't catch, etc.) and assign players who can take advantage of those skill differences. While individual match ups are important, they don't represent the full scope of the strategy because individual talents can mesh together or detract from each other. For instance, one team may have an exceptional player who has to be guarded by two players on the other team.  Doing so would mean that one other player (let's call him Steve) is unguarded. Coach 1 has to decide if leaving Steve unguarded is a good idea, but during the game the coach 2 will notice and try to get the ball to Steve knowing that he won't get huge gains, but he might get a lot of smaller gains. Or maybe the coach 1 will guard Steve and leave the coach 2 to use the exceptional player more. Those decisions during the game are called "play calling". A lot of people who are upset with Fuentes think he is not making good play calling decisions. So, the individual is important, but the coach is managing those skills on every down, across the entire team according to his understanding of the other team and the plan he made to manage their skills.

[deleted]

Lol no we aren’t. 

All anyone has said, or ever said, about Fuente is that tech should fire him. There aren’t masses of people wishing harm to come to him, he seems like he’s a well enough dude that no one would ever wish that. He’s just not good at his job and we need to find someone better

As someone who has graduated and has pretty much hated everything VT has been doing since graduation (ruining academic competitiveness, tearing down buildings for more dorms because of overacceptance, Tim Sands being the biggest dickhead ever, horrible covid response in 2020), I'd like it if VT didn't fuck football up too.

The only thing I have really liked was Mike Young getting hired. He has been great.

Lol what? Doesn't matter he is getting paid millions to lose and do bad at your job. He will get paid millions if fired... this is the kinda stuff that makes fans nuts. Contracts need to include winning records, not losing to UVA and other factors before signing the next one. I have no concern if he is human or not....dude is going to clean house if he's kicked to the curve so think about that for a moment.

I wish I could have a job where I get paid 4 million to wreck the company 🤷‍♂️

Don’t worry they get paid lots of money

I agree 💯

Beamer was 100% not treated this way. It's simply what happens when you replace a great coach, with a mediocre one.

Ik ‘twas a joke as that’s his salary

Makes sense but that's why I said in my personal experience. I have done gymnastics and rock climbing my whole life and very little was up to the coach in terms of how well I did. They were definitely an asset that helped me improve at times but I also spent long stretches of time without a coach in either sport and still got better and had wins and losses, good days and bad. But I can see you had an experience with coaching that was better than mine allowing you to rely on them in a way were they mattered. For me coaches were just knowledgeable and I needed to take in that knowledge while I could so that when they left I could still improve.

Agreed. Football is a great way to put a college on a map and provides a sense of pride in the alumni to come back. Think of the Alabama's, LSU's, Oklahoma's, Oregon's and A&M's of the world and how involved their alumni bases are because of the football programs. If you can't have amazing academics I want basketball or football to put us on the map.

> I have done gymnastics and rock climbing my whole life and very little was up to the coach in terms of how well I did.

In the NFL, there's a general manager and a head coach. They kind of work together. Generally speaking, the GM hires the head coach and they work together to build the team. Different teams do it different ways and some head coaches have more say on what players they get. But the GM will pick the players and make sure they're paid and they stay under the salary cap,etc.  When a team fails, sometimes the GM gets fired, sometimes the coach gets fired, sometimes both. If the owner thinks they players are good but they're not playing up to par, the coach might get fired and the GM stays since the GM picked decent players. If the team is losing because the players are just terrible, the GM might get fired and the owner may give the coach a second chance. 

But Fuente is the coach and GM in this case. He recruited/picked the players AND he's the head coach so he's responsible for coaching the players. Even if he's not directly coaching them, he chose the assistants, etc. It's all on him. He has no excuses. The players suck? He picked them. They're not playing well? He coached them. Bad game management? He's in charge. 

His first season was 2016 so his first team or 2 was comprised of Beamers recruits and those were his 2 best seasons. Since then, it seems like it's been going down hill and unfortunately for him, he's responsible no matter what. 

I think you have to qualify for the Olympics, but in gymnastic terms it would be like allowing the USA Gymnastics coach to pick his team for the Olympics. He'd ultimately be responsible since he's the coach and he's picking the players.

Thank you that makes sense, I did not realize that he had so much responsibility. I can also now see why it really is him who dropped the ball.

PS. In gymnastics you have to qualify to the Olympics through winning/competing at world championships and Olympic trials the "coach" isn't really involved in picking the team it's purely based on placement. Also most Olympic gymnasts all have different coaches and the "coach" at the Olympics doesn't do much. It's a little different with girls gymnastics but that has also caused alot of despicable problems so I don't look fondly at the higher ups in the USAG women's program

Football is back

Poor guy

Just ended that whole man’s career

I miss shooting stars memes. I love this

This needs to go on the CFB thread

Very nice

good meme.

This is a meme of true quality and sophistication

Was that last background from ‘the core’??

F

yeeessss!  Bravo.

Finally finished my Virginia Tech campus map

Splain how

That is gorgeous!

You should have no trouble selling those. I, for one, would love to have one, as I'm sure many alums would.

Thank you for using the old logo

Now do a game of thrones style intro video

Thank you u/gpasq, very cool!

Shut up and take my money.

shut up and take my money.

interesting. I'm in class browsing Reddit and I see what building I'm sitting in, wasting time. Cool.

AMAZING

This is a thing of beauty.

Amazing

Wow! That is amazing! How long does it take you to make one of these?

I love the inclusion of Center/Houston street

Super cool, excellent work!

I’d spend money on this

Isn't the VT on the football field facing the wrong sideline?

What kind of laser cutter?

Man this looks good. Way to be creative with your skills!

How often will you update the map?  We're changing it all the time.  Rector has an addition, University Club is gone, etc.  Soon Slusher will go and Randolph, too.  And you should at least make Slusher out of a 2x6 or something.

Very cool!

Hey Gianni. Hope you’re doing well bud! Loving the routing work!!

This is so cool

Yeah, these should be for sale in the Bookstore.  This is really awesome.  Sadly, the Dairy Farm buildings.....didn't make....the cut.      YEEEEEAAAAAHHHHH

ugh. i was exciting to think about buying one then saw the price.

$379.99 ooof. to much for me.

Would you be willing to share the DXF files

I put my engineering degree to work and built a home made laser cutter. I traced a lot of satellite detail for the design.

Looks like a really good laser cut job to me

Thank you! I do have them for sale but I want to be conscious of the subreddits self promotion rules. Feel free to message me if you would like more information though.

That was an easy decision.

Take it, take all of it.

It takes about 6 hours to engrave the base. Cutting out and placing the buildings is probably another 1-2 hours.

Yep, I missed this on the first run. This one is staying with me and the ones I sell will be fixed.

Thanks Harrison!

That price is very fair. This is large, and beautifully made.

Damn some of those look so good it’s like a 3D render

What wattage laser did you go with, ~5 or ~40?

Awesome, seriously, this is amazing work!

❤️❤️

It's a 50 Watt machine. I have some pictures of the machine in my post history.

I second this Harrison. Hope you guys are well!

Awesome, did you change out the firmware or controller? I hear those AliExpress 50w machines are p cool once you get them running.

I designed the machine from scratch and bought a Chinese controller from light object

Awesome, I need to get my 3d printer running again before I can justify a laser cutter or cnc to the SO lol

Since the Quarantine, the most tread paths on the Drillfield are regrowing grass

"wE aRe ThE vIrUs"

My dad was at VT when they paved the original 4(?) paths in the 70s. He said there were dirt paths there but people were really split on the issue and a lot of people fought the installation of paved paths. 

Apparently the corps was really against it, since they use that space for drills (hence the name drill field) and thought that 4 paths would ruin their ability to do so.

I hate to be "that guy" but that isn't one of the tread paths, it goes no where. 

Its the loop from Relay for Life that got torn up and replanted a while back.

Nature is healing.

:(

/r/desirepaths

[Build the paths!!](https://www.facilities.vt.edu/planning-construction/campus-construction-projects/active-projects/drillfield-paths-project.html)

is that a path or is that where the grass is dead from thin soil cover over the creek’s shell?

These are desire paths. I lobed slipping in the mud the held through droughts. /s/

NATURE IS HEALING

Why is it called "Drillfield" does it have some relation to your corps of cadets?

But unironically

Man those paths would be trenches by now if they’d left them unpaved.

This seems a little too far west to be from Relay...

That would have been a year ago, and from the looks of things, this is taken from the section between west campus and the main loop. I agree that it goes nowhere, but it would not be that way from relay.

It’s part of the “new development” VT is planning. They’re going to put a walking and running loop around the drillfield so they mowed down a tentative track

Whatever happened to this? I remember them building those samples when I was a freshman. Nothings happened since.

yes

I could be wrong, but I believe it was from 2-3 (maybe more) years ago it absolutely poured all night and really tore the grass up

the president wants the drillfield paths to be ADA accessible “without major changes to the drillfield topography.” which is essentially not possible to reach 1:12 slope or less in some places, so it’s all on hold until sorts of agreements between various parties can be made about how to go about them. it’s also why they held off re-paving them for so long to begin with, as well. 

source: was in meeting when the president and vp of planning talked about it

never heard any reason for not moving forward - probably $ related.

I think they went and changed plans to use a completely different material as part of some [grander re-imagining project](https://vtnews.vt.edu/articles/2017/04/adm-fssmartfieldshowcase.html) that also went nowhere for reasons I don't understand.

thank you for the helpful answer

Pours every year lol

[deleted]

new paths in this instance do not have to meet ADA since there are other accessible routes between accessible entrances in buildings, but it’s something that they want to do while somehow not changing topography (not possible)

Just fill it with dirt until it’s a flat as it used to be.

Modern problems need modern solutions.

you got the whole squad laughing

you got the whole squad requesting

Asks for duo login**

Is that just an average of the tuition for out of state and in state or were you just that lazy that you don't know your own tuition and didn't bother to look it up to make a meme 😂😂...

All too true

Imagine having to hide beer

This post brought to you by the off-campus gang

I love all the memes that come out at the beginning of fall of freshman trying to act like big ballers

If you think RAs don't know what's going on then you're mistaken my dude.

To be fair, a lot of RA’s would rather just not deal with it than give out CR’s and do a bunch of paperwork.  Unless you’re being stupid about it, which pretty much forces them to do something.

Back in the 90s when I was a freshman everyone on campus had desktop computers because back then laptops cost as much as a decent used car.  Dell computers came in one huge box containing the enormous monitor and the enormous tower.  

We quickly figured out that you could put a couple of cases of beer into one of those  Dell computer boxes to smuggle it into the dorm.

Jameson and Jim fer me

ok but natty light is disgusting but then again they r freshmen

source: was a freshman last year so now i can make fun of them

Imagine needing a fake ID.

This post brought to you by the over 21 and allowed to drink in my dorm gang.

Can confirm. Back when I was an RA I let things slide as long as you were discreet

You have expensive tastes for a college kid.

But it takes way more natural light for me to feel it than for whiskey. Plus, less calories, so no beer gut

They’re everywhere

Bro I lived in PY back in 2009 and we had “AC” except they turned on the furnace the first week of September. Slept with the windows open in February lest we roast.

We are so popular.  We have so many fans.

Wild that there’s no ac in some

hoge moment

Walmart was my friend back when I went. Had to get one right away first day or earlier or bring them from home they sell out quick. Also an additional bunk fan…. I had to sleep on wet towels a few times when I didn’t have fans in an 88F dorm.

[removed]

Lol how is it wild

Bars all around

Because if they can spend 50 million building a new campus in NOVA and millions more renovating a bus terminal they can put some ac in the dorms for their students.

Ac today is so common place. I understand that you can probably get by without it, but the earth is getting warmer.

Retrofitting AC in a concrete/stone building is insanely expensive. It would probably be more cost effective to tear it down and build a new building.

Bro you’re BIT ‘05 99% of dorms were def no ac then too

They've already installed AC in a few dorms. I started at VT the year after they finished remodeling the AJs. AC was added during said remodel.

It was like 80%. West aj, whatever they call it now was open. Doesn't change the fact that ac should be standard today.

Yes and I could smoke in my dorm room, and the rails were 32OZ!

Thats good. I guess it will just take time until they get it installed in all of them.

Preach - west aj was a damn furnace - especially when they turned on the furnace too early.

I left my window open most winters, it was terrible.

Heat control in my dorm room at Lee hall didn't do shit. We had to regulate our room temperature based on how far the window was open.

Qdoba line worker meme #2

Hahaha literally everywhere

Beans only >>>

Gains for days.

More like gas for days


But getting more beans for no extra cost DOES help for the gains

How professors should be during a time like this ❤️💯 #respect

Now imagine you’re taking a midterm with lockdown browser and camera enabled and your calculator batteries die, so you scramble looking for charged ones in your room, just to have warnings pop up that you might be trying to cheat. Kill me.

[removed]

One thing I love about tech are my professors here. On such notice I had to pack my clothes and abandon stuff in my dorm because my home country announced flights to bring citizens home. As I was stressed and panicking, I emailed my professors about the situation and all of them made life much easier for me. They were kind enough to care and postpone everything for me so that I can make it home and do everything in quarantine. Our professors (or the good ones at least) are very under appreciated❤️

That's real nice! AE professors on the other hand be like, "how can I end this kids whole career through canvas assignments/exams/lab reports" 🙃😢☠🤬

Dr. Fu is by far the best professor I've ever had for lab, and quite possibly in general since I've been at Tech. She's insanely smart and great at helping you learn things in neuro lab.

I had Dr. Fu and she is one of the sweetest human beings.

I opted for just ditching the whole final exam. The idea of a lockdown browser gives me hives. Best of luck to y'all who have to deal with that!

Yo this professor is super legit 👌

She is a very nice professor

I love Dr. Fu

I don’t understand why they don’t change assignments to projects where you both learn more and it’s harder to cheat

meanwhile kurt neidigh isn’t answering my emails

I literally stopped taking a class due to a professor being a jerk. Lockdown browser... cameras... only posting the lecture slides that she took from the textbooks website..

can i steal your prof for a sec?

i had a final exam for my college it was open book too 63 questions IT course

There are two types of professors in this world

Tbf in the exam room if your batteries die you’re fucked.

F

Do it, I dare ya!

Honestly, I don't know why some teachers are still bring so strict about classes. All of mine have been super accomadating whereas my friends have some teachers who rename their lack of accommodation to just "keeping structure". Seriously, most of us cut professors leniency when it comes to changing office hours and big events in life and we are the ones paying for the education. Considering the majority of our tuition was wasted because we are paying in person rates to take online classes the least a professor could do is make it as flexible as online too. Stack this on top of teachers who are complaining about people coming back to blacksburg so they can focus more on schoolwork and there is a lot of conflicting arguments. I geuss basically if you are a professor reading this just remmeber our school Moto is "Ut Prosim" and in this case that means being more accomadating. All you do by making it harder is make students enjoy it less and stress out more.

Please do! I’m hoping you’re one of my professors even if the odds are against me 😐

They would love you. That’s not an exaggeration like you would probably make some of the students day if they got that announcement

What major are you? All of my engineering professors have made my life hell! One of them won't respond to me asking him to post solutions to our homework so we can learn for the final! I've sent him 5 emails, and am now about to go to my advisor! Ridiculous. They don't seem to give a shit about any of their students.

I have had the same experience. Unfortunately, there are some professors who haven't done the same as ours.

From what I heard from friends, that's on par with AOE degree. It's a lot of fine details that you have to master. Don't forget that's the major people need for rocket science.

Gotta love AE my dude

You should reach out to another chemistry professor if u need help. I would recommend reaching out to Candace Wall. She is extremely helpful 👌🏽

Decent humans and power-tripping assholes?

Same class someone didn’t have a calculator TA gave them theirs

[deleted]

I double dog dare ya!

[removed]

[deleted]

Environmental science (for now). I’m sorry that your having it difficult :( I hope your advisor finds a solution and all your problems are solved.

Wow I'd be really frustrated if my professor wasn't emailing me back about something like this

Candace is the best! She's even here on Reddit if you search her name.

Yes and they hid their power-trip tendencies until they got tenure so they probably can't be fired no matter how bad of a SPOT survey you fill out.

Of course, it's a TA who is probably also a student.

At the SAT the exam director said he’ll no.

Approximation is not your friend in cost estimating — even though the name sounds like it would be

Keep doing this! As long as you have that mindset then you are doing the right thing. Sometimes you can only do so much and that is okay!

I understand where you're coming from but the education system that we are in really doesn't favor either student or professor over test scores. If I have to memorize answers for a test then that says very little about your actual teaching. Skills based testing and activities reflect more on a student's knowledge of the content and the professor's ability to teach and if those are open book and the test is well written an open book test isn't going to affect scores as much.

Most students are undergoing more stress than normal which means traditional testing, if it already wasn't bad enough, will become harder. Why not let tests be open book?

We already know next semester's classes are going to be affected by this semester and theres no way to save that. Hopefully your colleges can understand that not only do we have to adapt this semester, but in the semesters to come.

Gotcha. Yeah it sucks because engineering professors often just don't really care about their students, and we have to pick up their slack. It pains me when tech boasts their "top tier engineering program". The students make it that way, not the professors or much of what the school does.

[deleted]

This couldn't be more accurate. My experience has been a continual lack of respect for the students and professors and faculty straight up ignoring when they make a mistake / conduct violation. VT governs itself so according to them they're never wrong and the student is always to blame. Ut Prosim amirite?

Okay, I see your side of it. I just have a hard time believing that giving a final will help the students more than not. Your attitude of fishing through the students to find the best ones comes off as pretty lazy. Maybe you are portraying yourself wrong, so I'm going to hope your attitude when teaching students is to help them as much as possible not to sort through the ones not worth helping. Guess what? We basically paid for a service we didn't get. By all means, it is totally worth it in the grand scheme of things, it was the right thing to do. Just an idea, you could tell your students what you just told us. You could tell them it is really important for them to know the material well and help them out by giving them resources for learning it. Making sure they are successful under the circumstances we are in goes far beyond just giving an open notes final trying to weed out students. Offering them additional notes or video lectures could easily replace or outdo the effects of a take-home final.

Just thought of sharing something which is not COVID-related.

The outermost part of the suns atmosphere is called the corona.

Tsk tsk

~~Please keep covid related posts in the megathread~~

Nice pic :)

beautiful pic :) i miss walking thru there to goodwin🥺

aw man this is beautiful, i really miss campus

Nice shot

One of my favorite frisbee spots for years. Definitely went fishing a few times in the lumenhaus pond...

I miss this place every single day, enjoy it while you’re there

Yikes, didn't know this would get this much of appreciation! Thank you so much! I agree with everyone here, enjoy the campus while you're here... it's gorgeous! Playing Pokemon Go has it's perks, makes me walk around campus 😁 Win-win situation for me!

Neato

These views on the way to NCB was something I should’ve never taken for granted.

Every Time VT Posts a New Update

Oof, 100 people upvoted and have nothing to say on the matter. Not even one person in those hundred thought to come into the comments and try to defend the school. Everyone is just like "yup" and they move on. That's how you know you've fucked up.

Incoming freshman here & I love how the hokie spirit has now become more of just mocking the motto of Ut Prosim because admin has overused it to explain and do away with accepting responsibility of everything.

This is the type of stuff that's making me averse to going back this semester

Ut Prosim means "That I may serve."

How the fuck are their covid updates in the spirit of Ut Prosim? They don't know what the fuck it means.

what happened? i graduated this may and so i’m out of the loop

It was already something we ignored/went along with, but now they’re trying to act like a bunch of horny alcoholic and irresponsible college kids give a shit.

Admin is not invested in the culture of the school, but they do see it as something they can exploit for PR brownie points. So they act like corporate douches that don't give a shit about anyone, then slap *me* on their policy decrees and expect the students and faculty to just go along with it. 

It reminds me of the Chotchkies' boss from Office Space. 

> *You dooooo want to express your ut prosim spirit don't you?*

School is begging people determined to be irresponsible to try to act responsible, and the only carrot they have is the motto.

It's all for naught; we're out of here by mid-September.

If they cared about “ut protism” school would be 100% online from your home.

it’s that time of year

Bible fight at tots

Are they still doing that?  I started in 1989 and they were there.  My best friend was Chinese and if they bugged him he would just start babbling in Chinese.  I was jealous.

[deleted]

Joints - with a tad bit of ink poisoning

LoI this is true

Fr

thank god I get around on a bike so I can avoid these people

two of my friends thought they were cute little notebooks so they have so many of them now LOL

This is my FAVORITE GUY BCS❤️❤️❤️!

Im Chinese and you just gave me a bad idea

Some churches proselytize by giving away (or annoying people into taking) little bibles on college campuses. The Gideons are well known for it. Some people collect them for fun, like what OP mentioned in the title. I used to use them for rolling paper. It worked pretty well; probably wasn't good for me though.

The Bible thumpers lining the Drill field during first week of classes

There’s also a simple phrase called “no thank you”

Are they really going to be out here all week? 😮‍💨

[deleted]

Prolly

They’re going to try to give you a pocket New Testament lmaoo

edit: 1st John isn’t half bad.

Photo I took of the Lunar Eclipse over Burruss

Woah

That’s so pretty

Beautiful

So cool.

Thank you! I took a lot of.. poor… photos,  but km so happy with how this one turned out!

Fog In Blacksburg

m e n a c i n g

Crop and rotate and this would be a pretty badass pic.

Man...I love Silent Hill

Yeah I was headed to Hahn, Pamplin was on my left

You know he had to do it to em

OMG, you guys have boosted Darkrai raids on campus. SO jealous!

In all my years at tech, nothing beat the fog I experienced during the fall exams my freshman year.

I had a 7:45am chemistry exam in McBryde. Getting to the drill field, you could barely see 20ft around you. All you saw were helpless souls going in and out of the fog, most heading in the same direction, their heads held low.

[I cleaned up the trash can and cars](https://photos.app.goo.gl/q7V4qmrPp9aYJfSy9) and now have it as my Echo Show background. Hope that's ok!

Where did you take this? Near Derring?

Feel Free!  I snapped it on the way to my 8AM

not OP, but looks like Derring on the right to me

https://imgur.com/a/qdLZmRM

This makes me feel soooo nostalgic... I can smell the air! Spent a lot of time in Derring.

Me too! Did some geology there.

Foxridge Fire Aftermath

That’s horrible. What caused it?

How many people were displaced and do they have new accommodations yet?

Were these taken after it relit last night and did more damage? Or just the first night. Either way... That's insane.

There is zero reason building codes in a college town don’t require refit to put in sprinklers and hardwired fire alarms. Zero.

[removed]

This wouldn't be the first time to be honest.

Over at 12100 near Cardinal Court. Everybody at that building had to be evacuated that day back in August of 2025 because somebody smelled smoke. Fire department came, no one was in the apartment. Turned out somebody had either a burnt pot or left the stove eye on. I was just moving in then upstairs. Think that might have been either C or D downstairs. 

Honestly makes me wonder how careful people are around here. 🙄🫩

Awful. Hope everyone is safe and ok. Hope people get new housing arrangements and get their things compensated quickly.

…probably started with a blunt rotation gone bad or some shit right?

I love how you can see the pong table

I love how you can see the pong table

which apartments #s were they?

From what I’ve seen they’re still investigating the actual cause. Looks like it started near the backside 3rd floor apartment balcony, though that’s just guessing

This time of year, and at that price point, I would bet it was a space heater or something of the sort.

I heard about 65 people are displaced

I took these this afternoon, so this is after the second fire

There was a SECOND fire? I heard the fire trucks but I didn’t think it was the same building

What time did it relight?

Not just college towns. Everywhere. Reasons for not retrofitting are all the same $$$$. Somebody has to pay for it

Anything that costs the landlord extra they will fight tooth and nail sadly.

I don't disagree it shouldn't be code, but sprinklers weren't required when those buildings were built. Today? It's code for a project like that. I realize that's an unpopular opinion, but it's the simple economics of things. When I build a property, almost 25% of my initial costs are governmental. I either have to pass those along to my buyer, or build to the code and no further.

There are millions of reasons, actually.

permits and codes are already over-reaching and cause everything to be more expensive.  next thing you will advocate for is sprinkler systems in single-family detached dwellings (like CA)....

Luckily no got hurt

And one more thing to note, these apartments have Yale electric combination locks. And if one of these mess up? It's literally a ***** just to call The Solomon Group, get a run around to either try using your smartphone; or even go to the office for that matter. Just to show them your Photo ID to let you in.

To complex, too paranoid for a rental property staff, and finally mismanaged as well. Then there is the laundry mat issue, and the fact their maintenance doesn't handle the repairs on the coin operated washer/dryers. That's all handled by "Auto Leasing Group".

🙄🫩

From what was told to me, it started as a kitchen fire in the second floor and went up.

If it did, that kid is fucked unless he had good renters insurance.

I'm pretty sure that's the 3400 Richmond Lane block. I lived on the ground floor of 3300 (the unburned half), Tall Oaks side, for four years, so it's pretty unmistakable to me.

I talked to someone that lives in front of the apartments and saw the whole thing. He said it started in the kitchen of one of the second floor units and went up. I do not know many details. He was clearly not comfortable talking much about what happened.

Apparently it started on the back of someone’s balcony

Space heaters are wayyy safer than they used to be. My assumption is possibly a lit cig or something that didn’t get snuffed properly

Price point???

Most of them are relocated at The Residence Inn for now

There was still a hot spot, which is normal for a fire that big, and then we had the strong winds that night.

remember when people say that the end user always pays.

This is correct, however the rent can only go as high as the market will bear. And that has already happened. 

The market won’t suddenly have more income to beat higher rents if updating old buildings to code was required. So rents would have to decrease back to near current levels.

Which is why the government has to regulate it.

then pass them on.

I bet a fox ridge with 2025 building codes would rent for less than the $1100 a month(post rent split) I pay for a apt building in blacksburg because it was built in 2023 so I know it follows updated laws.

Just dollars and cents reasons

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Surfside_condominium_collapse

YES in new builds very much. You think permits and codes are what make them expensive? DR Horton made 3.6 BILLION dollars in profit last year. Adding sprinkler systems to single family homes would add less than 3 dollars a square foot to even the biggest homes.

They made the decision to go with those keypad locks and smart thermostats when the complex was still managed by HHHunt.  I can understand why they invested in the smart thermostats, but I'm not sure why they bothered with upgrading the locks from just using deadbolts.

You may have guessed correctly, one article now is saying it started on the back porch of one of the units.

do you think safe heaters are safe for dorms?? i heard someone say they're prone to causing fires too.

What’s the price point matter?

Do you mean Virginia Tech Innv

For as mu$h as the owners have profited over decades they can't afford to be in compliance with building codes? Are you s******g me? Why do we have a government to guarantee profits for landlords at the price of student safety?

100% agree. Getting the government to regulate something against corporate interest is like trying to swim through a river against the current. Corporate interest donates crumbs to local politicians to keep them in their pockets.

Dollars, no sense.

Exactly, I even reminded them at the Hethwood office it would be nice to have a spare key just to fall back upon.

Their response: "Nope; only management can have the spare keys. The reason for requiring electric locks and asking for photo ID is because we have college students, and international students. And we want to look out for their safety."

Heh, how are they looking out for safety when their locks mess up, and one carelessness leads to 65 tenants being displaced. 

Inquiring minds like to know. 🤨🧐

So the rental office controls the heat now?  When I lived there I got tired of calling them to come relight the pilot light on my furnace. I finally jimmied the lock on the furnace room so I could relight it myself.  The locks on them back then were pretty useless.  I kicked the door open on mine more than once after my roommate locked me out.  It didn't even do any damage just knocked the door trim off the wall and I put it back up. lol

Probably someone grilling. One of my idiot roommates charred the railing on the deck at our place at Pheasant Run by spraying lighter fluid on lit coals that he didn't think were burning fast enough.

They’re not allowed in the dorms

About a year ago I took this picture of Torg bridge.

Sell it to vt! That’s calendar worthy

Oh yeah you did that beautiful shot of torg in the snow! You’re a legend ‘round these parts

Here, take my upvote. FAST. TAKE IT. now leave me alone this picture is beautiful

Thank you! I wish I knew how, the official instagram page has followed me for a while so they definitely aren't unfamiliar with my work.

Haha yep that was me! Thank you!

what’s your instagram?

@dylanfraley

VT beats UVA (37-17) Go Hokies!

We got to hold on to Pop Watson. He’s got a ton of upside

The experiment was repeated 20 times.  
  
VT > UVA, p = 0.05.

Hoos cryin' now?

POP WATSON IS OUR FUTURE AND HE IS A GOOD GOD DAMN FUTURE!

https://preview.redd.it/id9cbmre464e1.jpeg?width=881&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=87b6aed237c6c8225ebb196b8c62413b82160376

Hokie Hokie Hokie hi!

*gobbling intensifies*

[Pop Pop](https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcR99TrT93GRz-FQAFf-1KDOPCwYuipKZabyiw&s)

At least we still own these guys even in a disappointing year lol

Hokies Dominate duh Hoos  

Go HOKIES!!!

*sighs* still got it *cracks knuckles*

Can’t wait to hear about how badminton nattys mean more than this

Gobble gobble MFers!!!

Let’s goooo

Sweet. Now fire Marve

Fuck UVA!

Let’s go Hokies!

Because UVA isn’t good at football so VT should of beat them… 😂 if VT didn’t 😂 

I don’t know why VT celebrates when UVA sucks at football to begin with and they lost to a not so good football team last week 😂

Dude is insanely confident.

He should start the bowl game. IMO he’s the future; give him the experience.

I genuinely don’t understand how you could watch Pop tonight and come away thinking he shouldn’t be the starter moving forward.  If you REALLY watched him, he did EVERY little thing right.  He made every correct option read to a point it was extremely noticeable when compared to what Drones does.  He had pocket awareness that not many college QBs show, let alone any VT QB in the last decade.  He put legitimate touch on all his passes and probably should have had at least 1-2 more “big” plays in the passing game if the receivers played better.

I’m not trying to overreact and say he’s gonna win a Heisman or anything, and I know it was “just UVA.”  But he genuinely showed more promise than most VT QB’s ever have in the last decade+.  If he wasn’t a major priority for the coaches to keep entering tonight, he needs to be now.  If keeping him comes at a cost of showing Drones the door due to NIL budget, I think that’s an easy decision at this point.

What did his whiteboard say?

He clearly understands football better than our other QBs. That makes up for talent and size.

[removed]

Verified, no longer a rivalry.

Tech Tech VPI!

No matter how bad or good  the year, beating uva is the highlight of my year

Yep. We can enjoy the UVA win but it changes nothing. Get rid of Babcock, shake up this coaching staff

And Bowen

spectacular glorious marvelous whistle obtainable hospital plough political license toy

 *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev/home)*

This guy reminds me of somebody else who was a national championship contending dog fighter that played for tech in the late 90s, his last name started with a V. I can’t think of his name though. 

But I’ll take it.

I assume he will.  He’s showing he deserves the opportunity.  Exciting potential!

Let him play in the bowl but let's Save him for next season - the less tape out there the less other teams will be ready for him.

He played a nearly flawless game- of course, you have to consider the competition, but to have no 'rookie' mistakes and making smart plays from start to finish was great to see - long time since we've seen this at the QB position for the HOKIES.

Two plays really cemented it for me:  the throw into the stands just before halftime to stop the clock, and when he surrendered himself rather than take a sack and risk losing the ball deep in our own half.  Just smart smart smart football.

I thought he played great, but let’s put it in context. This was UVA who had very little pressure. Pop had a lot of time and lanes to escape. Drones would have done great here too. That long TD pass was smart and thrown in a way that there was no way it could be intercepted. Showed some great poise.

I’m sure somebody somewhere if faulting him for something. But I agree, he looked like our best quarterback we have

Ball Game!!!

https://x.com/Project1918VPI/status/1863078488724394221

thanks for the clarification - 

cant have a football thread without a 'FIRE ___'

liquid sip society detail party deserve skirt pie beneficial marvelous

 *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev/home)*

No, please dont kill the last remnants of CFB. Rivalries are about regionality and history. Not about competitiveness. Although that does make it more exciting.

Sola-Rex, Sola Rah

No. Its the truth 🤣.

I can see the Vick comparison, but honestly I think the closest comp is Bryce Young (Bama version). Calm and cool in the pocket while being undersized who can turn on the jets when he needs to.

I...don't see it really haha. Vick was se fast it was shocking. Pop looks quick, a slitle shifty, but not the burner that Vick was.

Speaking of Vick, have you seen Haynes King at Georgia Tech? He’s a monster too. Even Kirby said he was the equivalent of 4 car wrecks.

0 Nattys. That’s sad

I fully agree with y’all on this. Let him play and practice first team reps the whole time

A game of experience is a much more important positive than a game of film is as a negative. These players only get a few dozen games at VT at best. Limiting that would be detrimental.

The context is critical  - He played last week and no one was screaming for him to start this week.

[removed]

The Village “upgraded” our appliances. We now have a mini fridge for 4 people. Don’t live here

That's gotta be a joke right

This made my day, but I'm so sorry haha

They're super overpriced with the new rent, the trash issues, the maintenance issues, & them scheduling renovations during midterms or finals.

[deleted]

They think they’re funny

No way they did this to everyone??? WTF

I'm heading back Friday and I hope to god they haven't changed ours yet

Foxridge be lookin nice now.

Their maintenance was so bad when I was there.

My closet door was completely broken on move-in.

Still broken 1 year, 8 work repair requests, and 1 move-out later. And then they had the gall to try and charge me for it.

Wow. It's unfortunate that isn't criminal. It should be.

When I was a student, the student union retained a lawyer full-time, with an office in Squires. Check whether that service is still available.

Also, you are a resident of Blacksburg and Montgomery County. Email the housing authority and your elected representatives, and see if anyone responds.

It’s likely that’s the only fridge they could source due to supply chain issues. I’m remodeling my kitchen and the fridge and ice maker will come in a year because manufacturers don’t have the insulation. You can’t even buy display models.

They updated mine too and I got a full sized fridge same size as the last one. I’m also in a 4 person so not sure why you got this small one

r/NotMyJob : Installed the new fridge boss

Mushroom light above the toaster kinda tough tho

Don’t live there anymore but I remember being annoyed that we never got the appliance upgrades they promised us- that’s a cold take now I guess lol

Even 1 regular fridge is too fucking small for 4 people. What management company works with the Village now?

The village gonna village. They’ve been doing this shit since at least 2008.

My friend and I saw this exact fridge at Sam's club and on the box the kitchen was full size looking, but with the size of the box it was obvious how small the fridge was. We laughed for a good 5 minutes imagining someone buying the entire set of tiny appliances.

Awe, it's sorta cute doh

That's just plain wrong.

Damn I lived there back in 2018. I thought it was serviceable then, but since then they've done nothing but raise rents and fuck up management.

I remember when Stonegate “upgraded” our laundry rooms by halving the number of washer/drier pairs from two to one, leaving 12 2br/3br units with one washer and drier to share. To top it off, the new machines no longer took change or card and instead forced us to use an app that literally wouldn’t work half the time. So we had to go to different buildings, meaning 24 or more units shared one set of machines. The app also required you deposit at least $12 into the account to use it. Fuck Stonegate.

I mean honestly techs meal plan is so delicious it really is just a beer fridge

Consider yourself lucky you got one right now. There are people in homes that can't even find one. If it goes out you are up the creek because the manufactures are having issues finding companies to work on them due to all kinds of reasons but mostly because nobody wants to work anymore...free gov hand outs and well during 2020 people found better jobs or jobs with less stress even if it paid less.

[deleted]

😂😂

Every lawyer has a policy of the first 30 minutes is free,  call about 5 and see what they say,  I swear VT landlords are the worst and I believe do many things illegal under the radar because they think the students won’t confront them on anything.

Wtf I live at the village east and we got a fridge bigger than that

They pulled a fast one while we were away over break.  Would not have let them take our old full sized fridge

tomato sauce recipe:

4 cans of whole or diced tomatoes (28 oz each can)

1 can of tomato paste (about 6 oz)

12 garlic cloves

Salt - maybe 1 tablespoon +

3/4 cup of olive oil - divided

A bunch of Basil - if you like

1. Peel and mince garlic
 
2. Heat 1/2 cup of olive oil and put the garlic in the hot oil.  Heat until golden and fragrant - very important -  do not overcook and so it turns brown, it becomes very, very bitter. This is the most important step, **do not overcook garlic.**

3. Add can of tomato paste and canned tomatoes. Cook until reduced by 1/4 of volume and thickens.

4. Add salt to taste, remaining 1/4 cup olive oil and chopped basil. 



thanks for enshitifying reddit all while selling my info. https://github.com/j0be/PowerDeleteSuite

Yeah after that much BS definitely not recommending them to anyone

For the entire last week during finals my window was completely blocked the boxes for the new fridge and other stuff. I had 0 sunlight in my room

Why would they even replace them if they’re just going to put the correct ones in. With this way you have used fridges to return and annoyed residents.

I laugh just looking at them.

They didn’t. I have a normal size fridge in my apartment at the Village East. I think only some apartments got the fucked up shipment

lounging in my foxridge manor giggling atm

Yep, go on the tech website and search Student Legal Services. In squires across from the ATMs

Totally.  But the old fridge still worked.  We want it back

:))

you’re an idiot lmao

Alright extreme gamer

I don't think they consider themselves lucky to have their functioning full size fridge replaced with a mini fridge.

Let me tell you "extreme gamer", they paid with their own money to live there. They have the right to demand good service. 

"consider yourselves lucky"? Yeah, you can say that if you let them stay there for free lol.

I would talk to management with that one. I can't imagine them doing that to every apartment in the complex and you being the only one to complain.  When you signed your lease it was for a real fridge, not that beer cooler. If you guys push back I feel that's something they will have no choice but to fix

Same thing happened to us. We talked to management and they said that it was supposed to be a normal size fridge and the shipment got fucked. They said they would fix it but idk how long that will take cause they were 6 months late with the new appliances to begin with

[deleted]

Lmaooooooo I'm going to guess they saw the high prices on the secondary market for full size fridges (due to supply chain) and decided to flip them for a profit and downgrade the units. Wouldn't surprise me at all.

Press them at the minimum for rent concessions.

So why did they not just leave the full size fridge in place until the correct fridges were received?

Just wanted to share this cool sunset and tell you that you’re doing your best.

Thx I need this right now.

No I’m not

Thank you😌

Thanks🙂 nice picture

No OP, YOU’RE doing YOUR best. ☺️

I got a 100 on a calc quiz that I thought I’d fail!

Beaut.

*appreciation has entered the chat

I'm pretty sure I can do a little better than what I'm doing rn

I could probably do better but I never give it my best because hide pwr lvl

i miss those blacksburg sunsets

I remember that.... it means winter is coming...prepare for the cold. And not kidding I remember -temps and windchills going to class across the drill field. Sometimes it starts early in November and December

Virginia Tech Men's Outdoor Track and Field wins ACC Championship!

Have won 3 out of the last 4 ACC outdoor track titles.  Truly an elite program

Very good photo captured the rain very well

Congrats guys

Congrats!

that ncaaf and ncaab money sure does buy nice track suits. Good for them though, represent.

The football team should talk to them.

Ever heard of nIkE SpOnSoRsHiP

true but, Ever heard of nCaA Tv CoNtRaCt MoNeY

Doesn’t pay for the unis tho

It also isnt "NCAA TV CONTRACT MONEY" at least for the vast majority of things. They only negotiate for the NCAAT money. And the CFP Committee negotiates for the NY6 and Playoff games for football.

Its the ACC that negotiates the big deals for the vast majority of times we are on tv, and another reason launching the ACC Network in August is so big in conjunction with ESPN to see even a modest amount of money from Olympic sports, and being on TV is never really a bad thing.

lmao $100M is $100M

Blacksburg native, Virginia Tech grad qualifies for Tokyo Olympics

Mechanical Engineer too!

Ian is a good dude. Go Hokies! vtballs!

I swam with his younger sister, he’s a great dude!

LETS GOOOOO

Let's goooo Ian!!!

Woohoo!

Thought you guys might enjoy this clay Hokie Bird I made :)

I do enjoy this very much, thank you!

Love it! I would buy that hahahaha

[deleted]

That's incredible

love it!

Has Hokie Bird been catfished?

Yay! I’m so glad!

Wow, thanks! It means a lot :)

Second that!

Thanks so much! I really appreciate it

Thanks so much!

Thank you!!

Six overtimes, but we WON!

That game was *wild.*

First 6OT game in ACC history! Put us in the record books with that **W**

That’s the VT I know and love

this is the upvoat party

HELL YEAH BROTHA

A few heart attacks later but we survived!!

That was insane. Wish I picked that one to go to instead of Duke lol. QP hype train full steam ahead 🚂🚂

"Stick it in!" could be heard just before the end of the game on TV... loving it!

This was the first game I got to watch after graduating basic training!!!! First game of the year for me. God I miss Lane stadium, for those of y’all still there, go to every single game if you can. Your time there is going to fly by.

What a game

I couldn't watch because I don't have the channel. I was trying to follow on the ESPN Game cast.

It had both teams missing FG in OT twice, but then it had us winning by 2?

What happened?

Stick It In won that game

LMAO 

“Winning on three quarterbacks? In 6OT? SMACK A HOOKER WITH MY WILLIS CAUSE AWE LAWD QUINCY PATTERSON IS COMIN” - u/PPatBoyd CFB




https://www.reddit.com/r/CFB/comments/dkbpvl/postgame_thread_virginia_tech_defeats_north/f4cgj80/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf

Even with Ryan Willis doing his best to ruin the game for us!

😭

So sad couldn’t watch, alum in CO... I hate this whole acc network system as a cord cutter, hard to see the games.

And Stick It In came back!

https://youtu.be/UTWmFpyPZnE

LMAO

Thoughts on QP?

We are literally the BEST

I knew we had it

More comments here than there are students in the NEZ

Now THIS is the game where someone really needs to post their heart rate logs. Not just the meme.

a **curly w**

Loved that Beamerball with the blocked kick

[Classic](https://cdn.vox-cdn.com/thumbor/guM-FItrKThQmkwjcLbrKw8AejA=/46x0:551x337/1400x1400/filters:focal\(46x0:551x337\):format\(jpeg\)/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/52322037/beamer.0.0.jpeg) hokies.

I did not notice that they retired it a few years after I matriculated. #BringItBack

Thank you for your service, Hokie!

In the 5th overtime they just go straight to two point conversions. VT missed one, UNC tried one and got tackled in the backfield, UNC tried another one, then VT made one and won.

So much dude. Missed fgs, a fg block, us missing like 20 chances to win. Using 3 QBs. It was wild

Get hulu live- game changer for me since in Denver now

FYI - you can use reddit streams to watch the game. That’s what we did

sportsurge.net

If you have internet, you can watch all the CFB you want.

Watching at a bar in Cary, NC. We went home to watch on Sling, but it was blacked out. We were able to listen via the 105.3 The Bear ™  website. We were climbing the walls trying to find a way to watch the last part of the game and one of us remembered that we could use the website to listen in. Totally thankful for that audio feed. Had more fun listening at home than we did at the bar.

Big, powerful, strong runner. Adds a lot to the offense. For whatever reason it seems like the coaches don't want him throwing much, but he looked pretty accurate and he had an incredible TD pass to Hazelton in the 2nd (?) OT. Still, assuming Hooker is healthy in 2 weeks I'd keep rolling with him.

Seriously... glad to get the win in a great game, but the NEZ has been pathetic all year. I remember the days where the energy in the NEZ would bring the whole stadium up. C’mon students, show up and support the team!

I had to sit down several times I could feel my heart about to give.

Walgreens?

Almost a repeat https://i.imgur.com/bkZz9T3.jpg

I'm in the band, we were told we were not allowed to play it a few years back, afaik we were never given the green light to play it again but we did anyway, twice

Totally! I did my ED to Tech and I haven't been this excited about an academic thing in my life, so here's hoping!

Thank you for your support, Hokie!

[https://www.roanoke.com/sports/college/va\_tech/live-updates-north-carolina-vs-virginia-tech/article\_a39c9872-f29a-11e9-8edf-7354fc4d2d1a.html](https://www.roanoke.com/sports/college/va_tech/live-updates-north-carolina-vs-virginia-tech/article_a39c9872-f29a-11e9-8edf-7354fc4d2d1a.html)

I see. 

For whatever reason, the ESPN game cast kept saying missed field goals when really it was missed 2 point attempts. I guess they forgot to update their play by play software.

Damn RSN's I hate them.
I have the basic TV package. Sling.
I pay for MLB TV + DNS Unlocator.
I don't want to pay any more for TV than that.

I’ve tried both and YoutubeTV is infinitely better.  The interface works better, the dvr actually remembers your location, and you can actually skip ads but more importantly, the stream is much more reliable without as much buffering.

Is there any way I can watch this game after the fact???

Even with the game on TV it is better to listen to the VT radio broadcast. Word is that the TV guys were favoring UNC even up to the end. Even though Jon Laaser and Mike Burnop are home-team broadcasters, they will point out Hokie mistakes and give a balanced view of the game.

I've been having issues getting the games too, but /r/cfbstreams has a link to a site where you can stream any football. I think it's sportsurge or something. Just make sure to enable an adblocker.

Video of Hooker's injury looks really bad, do we have any idea what kind of damage was done?

Fuente said after the game the only reason he didn’t throw more is because he just didn’t have the reps to know the offense. Said the TD pass in OT was a day one install that he had a ton of reps on.

They're not letting people sit in North without a North ticket now. They're being really strict with wristbands now.  If all your friend group can't sit in North, they just go to East.  Plus North is always empty after halftime for Homecoming games.

I saw this on someone's snap story today and it nearly brought me to tears. Good luck on finals!

This is awesome. Reminds me of the feelings I had visiting the memorial every 4/16 when I went to Tech, and walking through Norris Hall on 4/16 my senior year. I typed out what it says - mostly because it's hard to see the punctuation, partly to keep reading it over and over:



>In 2009 I found this room during finals week. I sat with kids in this room who had witnessed the screams, the cries of the shooting. They were a close group of friends - just trying to get through. One was even in Norris Hall that day.

>I graduated in 2013 and came back for a masters degree in 2016. I just finished my masters degree 5 minutes ago in this room that's meant so much to me -- I came to this room in 2011 when I found out my sister was dying, to cry so my roomates wouldn't hear. I came here in 2012 w/ my best friends to wait until faculty left to sneak onto the balcony upstairs and drink beer on a warm fall night. And I came here every finals week with my ex-GF whose smile could light Lane Stadium. I avoided this room the past 2-yrs in grad school until tonight, because I miss how simple, how pure, and how honest that time was. I know a lot of numbers and equations go on in this room - and one day, you'll forget them - but you'll never forget the moments and the people of your 4-yrs at Virginia Tech.

Off topic: what balcony is there to sneak on and where?

This is beautiful.

I'm not crying, you're crying

Where is it?

Excuse me, imma go cry...probably in this room.

The real MVP

You missed a part, after until tonight it says "because I miss how simple, how pure and how honest that time was "

I wanna say Smythe? It's the only building I can think of that has a "balcony", which is just a fire escape.

Thanks!

Womens bball beats Louisville to win their first ACC tournament. Enters NCAA tournament with a 27-4 record.

This counts as back to back

Honestly I don't watch the women's game outside of VT enough to know how good the other top teams are but to be this hot and dominate the tournament for one of the better leagues in the country I have to think this team can realistically be considered a national contender, looking forward to see what they can do

Let’s fucking go, amazing to see the strides that VT basketball has made

Fun game to watch. So we're going to get some games played in Cassell, right? Did I hear the commentators correctly? If so, that's awesome. I plan to be there.

Hell of a team.

Hokies have been blessed by some great teams lately. Softball, baseball, Wrestling, even the mens basketball team last year but this womens team may be our best chance at a National Title. NCAA tourney is so random and unfair, but I think this team can do it

Hokies!

Go Hokies!

Let’s go!!!

HOKIES!!!!

So did anything happen to the thug from Louisville for her blatant (and uncalled) foul near the end of the game? The hard shove that sent a Tech player off the end of the court and into the photographers? The "ref" was right there and there was no call and the babbling commentator talked right over it.

We are easily a #2 seed in the tournament, and with losses by UConn or Stanford I think we can sneak in to a #1 seed

Best team at VT

yes we get to host during the ncaa tournament

Honestly that game drove me nuts even though I loved the outcome (officiating really…made me think of the old men’s BBall games in the Big East)

Happy for them, particularly when 2 of the heavy hitters didn’t have the greatest game that the depth and defense performed.

The higher seed hosts until the final four. If we get a one seed (still questionable) we could potentially host four games in Cassell. 

Sweet 16 and Elite 8 games are always tough. It'd be great to have home court advantage.

Edit: Home games are only first two rounds, see below.

[deleted]

That would be phenomenal however, I just feel we’re gonna get screwed by the NCAA and get a four seed and have to play South Carolina in the round of 16

Should be a sweet 16

Final 4 would be awesome!

I looked into it more - I don't think it's accurate that the 2nd weekend is also at top seed's home. It looks like the 2nd weekend (16 teams to 4) is either in Greenville or Seattle. But Blacksburg should still host 2 rounds. Correct me if I'm reading this wrong:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2023_NCAA_Division_I_women%27s_basketball_tournament

Gotta hope they get taken out before we get there

I think 2-seed is most likely unless Iowa or UConn loses.

Nah there's no way we're a 4 seed. We were a 2 in the last rankings preview (from the NCAA) and we've only won since then

[deleted]

https://media.tenor.com/h0rrZawSsnwAAAAM/rick-flair-wooo.gif

plus on a 9 game win streak

We’re currently projected a #1 seed

Yeah but you said it with more conviction.

Haha definitely the better attitude, I believe!

It's actually an 11 game win streak!

Sharp Top trail this morning 5/23

looks amazing! how long did it take you to hike that?

Lot of folks up there on the trail? I want to get back out on the trails, but not looking to throw myself out to the crowds lol

[Context ](https://www.reddit.com/r/VirginiaTech/comments/gomi7v/any_hiking_spots_to_catch_the_sunrise/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)

Sharp top is a great hike with a very rewarding view. Nicely done. One time I hiked it and it began to thunderstorm once we reached the peak, your arm hairs stood up from the static electricity in the air, it was crazy.

Beautiful

You should pan the video slower. It may seem like you are taking your time when you make the video, but its too fast when watching.

Florida Hokie here...what are the temps, cold enough to wear a jacket?  Hot as Hades down here in Jacksonville.

Beautiful, thanks for sharing.

Looks like an awesome hike!

[deleted]

This might be my favorite hike in the area. I love climbing on top of that little house up there

I started the hike (with my brother) at 5am and got to the peak at around 6:20am. It was a tough hike - we had to stop few times to take break as I was experiencing nausea :(

On our way down (around 6:40am), more people started coming in. There were about 7 cars parked.

The way up was around low 60 degrees Fahrenheit. When we got to the peak, it was around 50 degrees. I wore a hoodie and one extra layer when it got cold and windy.

No, we were the second to arrive when it was still dark (at 5am).

Awesome...sounds great.

When someone asks you to watch their stuff at the library

One for my baby

This is so wholesome. Bless u.

Boone is the best companion, change my mind

Fawkes

Arcade till I die

Please shower Please shower yall, people are starting to smell like a CS classroom on legs out here and it's only Wednesday. Remember, the waters only deemed unsafe for drinking, not showering.

Just make sure if yall have any open wounds (blisters, cuts, whatever) PLEASE wear waterproof bandaids on them. Bacteria can and will get into your body through any wounds.

Hey, just to clear some stuff up here.  What's happened is that the Montgomery County water authority can't get the ultra-fine silt particles to settle out of the water fast enough so there's silt in the water.

BECAUSE there's silt in the water, they can't PROMISE you that there isn't bacteria in the water.  This is distinct from "we have detected bacteria in the water" which has NOT happened.

So out of an overabundance of caution, everyone is being advised to boil their water JUST IN CASE there's bacteria in it (even though, again, no one has detected any).

This water is perfectly fine for showering, washing dishes, and anything else that doesn't involve you drinking it.  Honestly, it's probably fine for you to drink TOO but we're being cautious.

But yes, there are ultrafine silt particles in it. If you filled a 10 gallon aquarium with this water and let it settle out you'd get about enough dirt on the bottom to fill a teaspoon.  

And that's what it would be -- dirt.  An ultra-fine, sandy soil.  I know, because I've spent the last week cleaning up flood damage and multiple inches of that stuff is EVERYWHERE.  

But it's perfectly safe to bathe with.

Just don’t get it in your eyes, nose, or mouth. Also, don’t have any open cuts or wounds.

[deleted]

Or just use a big pot of boiled water. Towel-baths are not hard, like at all

Did they ever renovate the CS lounge? It always smelled awful and hard to work in. I preferred the emporium.

How can so many people at a university not look shit up???

sorry m8 water's yellow

[From VDH: ](https://www.vdh.virginia.gov/drinking-water/boil-water-faqs/)

**There is no need to boil water for bathing or showering**. Adults, teens, and older children, can shower or bathe, though they should avoid getting water in the mouth or swallowing the water. Infants and toddlers should be sponge bathed. No special soaps are necessary.

However, care should be taken to prevent water from getting into **deep open or post-surgical wounds**. Consult your physician or health care provider for wound care instructions.

Boy smell!!! >:3

Every hall smells like a boy dorm. Just wet Axe smell.

I dunno man. Showering in poop water sounds pretty gross. Baby wipes are the key.

I ain't risking it

My eczema is starting to flare up a bit and im pretty sure its because of the water quality, so Im just royally screwed till they can fix this shit

Lmao. 
🩻🩺🥼
Please take a shower. 

Also any known side effects of said shower can include, but not limited too,

Fungus
Infection
Amoeba
Bacteria
Flesh eating bacteria
Eczema
Rash
Allergic reaction 

Please call your doctor if you experience any
Blisters
Open wounds
Cuts
Unidentified body objects
Loss of vision
And any other conditions that can relate to contract dermatitis. 

🎙️
This commercial is brought to you by water 💦 no resell, or republication or promotion from taking shower is copyrighted protected.

Thanks so much for this info seriously

Thank you! This is what I've been telling people - the testing was over the limit for turbidity (clarity), not coliform or something.

Also - this water comes from the New River where people swim every day in the summer! Sure it's got some extra runoff, but it's not like our drinking water is coming from sewage.

100%. They are permitted to adequately treat, with certainty through testing, X amount of gallons/minute. Flow has increased beyond that. So it doesn’t mean it’s bad, it just can’t be guaranteed to be good.

Thank you for explaining this 🙏

What about using water for brushing your teeth?

I don’t know how people can go more than a few days without showering. I would feel nasty

That’s sediment. From the ground. Where the water comes from. Y’all act like you have to bathe in the Ganges or something. USE SOAP YOU’LL BE FINE.

It’s not poop water, it’s sediment and standing water.

https://preview.redd.it/fav4a1rsncsd1.jpeg?width=1162&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=bf9942507c55e6ad436986640ff12ed54e8cd41e

I’d recommend a southeast Asian style shower! It may be harder if you’re in the dorms, but you’re able to you can boil a large pot of water, let it cool, and use a cup to pour it over yourself. That way you can still get clean but you don’t have to make your skin worse.

It could be so many reasons other than that

i’ve experienced the same thing. it’s been improving but has worsened in the past two days.

Yes, but, they were fishing porta-potties and propane tanks out of the lake earlier this week which is just upstream of the intake. The amount of manure in the new river on a normal day means people with wounds shouldn’t get in the water, it is not what I would call sewage but it’s not as far from that as people would like to think.

They recommend boiling for that or just using bottled. Someone should ask an epidemiologist but I suspect that recommendation is just to avoid the cognitive whiplash of "but I put that water in my mouth when I brush my teeth, why can't I drink it?"

I believe it has been said you should not use the water for brushing your teeth

[deleted]

it smells too!

I got downvoted for a joke, tough crowd

Yeah ik but ive been fine till this week and i know its definitely not stress or food so far

Yep, once you start to smell yourself…it’s bad 😂

It’s flood water—been standing. Use FANCY soap or try an old fashioned whore bath (pits, t*ts, and naughty bits).

Awwwww. ☹️

PROVE YOU DONT STINK NOW!

This happens with my acne when I go down to Florida, different minerals my skin just hates

right, people can clean themselves without showering in yellow smelly water

I took a shower last night, my eyes itch

Imma blow your mind here, but yes—they totally can. Do it all over the world, in fact. You’ve just been fortunate enough to not know of another way of living.

https://preview.redd.it/57kzv24y0dsd1.jpeg?width=2252&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=37862090535aaa4ce80bbb97be6a3cb7abc87303

There are people 15 minutes from you with NOTHING but the clothes on their backs. Please be a trooper right now for those who are starting over from zero.

girl why are you so heated? i made a joke ab not wanting to shower. this is not my first boil water notice. i promise my life isn't as easy as you've assumed 😂

I have perfume too😭

For curiosity, where is this 15 minutes away place

Then why did you say what you did? Don’t type something and say you didn’t mean what you typed. I’m not “heated, girl,” I’m just tired of sheltered children complaining about inconveniences without any empathy for people who are really suffering right in their area. If you didn’t mean it, cool. But read the room, man.

if this isn’t your first notice then you would wash your disgusting ass. i come from a town that had them MONTHLY. yall are disgusting for not cleaning yourselves because you don’t have the brain capacity to do a quick google search on if it’s safe to or not. who gives a single fuck if the water is a tad yellow? it’s not piss, so wash yourself for gods sake.

https://preview.redd.it/8l18bm6laesd1.jpeg?width=2252&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=cbaadf62bb7c1e21307ff8c719256785d1c5d0a7

I think we all need a drink after that game

So, umm, is this the point where we stop assuming we're going to win every year just because UVA bad?

UVA losses their best QB since 2003 their top 2 wide receivers and plenty of other starters. We return 21/22 and are replacing that starter with a 5 star recruit. UVA is gonna get an ass whoopin next year in Lane.

Honestly this game just determines whose ass is gonna get clapped by Clemson

[deleted]

Cornelsen is a 🤡

At least we have better food than UVA!

UVA played quite well. Both teams played tough tough football. Neither rolled over for the other. This is what a true rivalry looks like and based on what Bronco is doing there yall better get used to this. 

Our team is so young and will improve for next year. That was only hookers 7th start. That really showed at times today but he will only get better. Hopefully coaches do a good job of forming the disappointment into fuel for the bowl game and next season. 

The only real way this loss hurts is in making recruiting a bit tougher in state. Of course we have a lot more control over how that goes.

UVa thought this was going to be a cakewalk after our game with duke. We responded by wining 6/8 to finish the season, with both losses being close, tough games. We have 21/22 starters returning. Whit and Fuente need a new OC and hit a home run on the DC and we can win the coastal next season.

[2:12](https://youtu.be/Wga5A6R9BJg)

What hurts to me isn't even the loss by itself, but that Bud didn't win it. It seemed so poetic to me to have 2 shutouts and then keep a streak alive against our rival in Buds last year.

It hurts that Buds last game ever of college ball is us losing to our rival. The man deserves better than to go out on that :(

More like induced alcoholism

What was the score? Who won?

This is the reset button! The rivalry is a real rivalry again instead of a yearly stomping. 

I've been so stressed every year for this game just because I didnt want the streak to break but now I'm excited for next years game!

who’s the 5 star?! I didn’t know we picked up a 5 star

This is the only thing that matters from here on forward

and who goes to the orange bowl

[deleted]

This program in general has become soft. I hate to admit it.

Not a popular opinion but 30 points should’ve been enough to win. Let’s not forget the 3 straight drives they had a wide open receiver

Have you been in the dining halls lately? Over-enrollment killed them. Frank's Deli is trash now and West End is always so packed you can't get food anyway.

A man of culture, I see

We're going to go to a bowl game. That'll be his last game

This made me feel so much better! Thank you!

Exactly!  It sucks we lost for sure.  But to have a good rivalry back is pretty cool. Remember we didn’t think we were going to make anything out of this season. Good on UVA. Good on those ascot wearing, Zima drinking, cookie dough (Herd’n it) dickheads. 

It just makes it more real next year. And...if you want a revenge soon...they’re playing Clemson next. And I doubt Clemson has a “you have to donate $100 to our athletics program” if you’re a rival. It’s great you won UVA, but we don’t have to extort the competition to not show up...they had to pay for a home field advantage.

Devon Hunter he’s currently Reggie Floyd’s backup. He was the third ranked safety in the country and was a 5 star by most recruiting websites.

And whose ass is gonna get clapped by UGA or Penn State.

The last two minutes were excruciating to watch. I saw the O-line make some HS football level mistakes. Guys missing their blocks, the left guard pretty obviously missing his assigned block so the LT had to pick up the interior blitzed instead of the exterior blitzes, etc. those last two minutes they played like an entirely different team and it was sickening. 

What was it, four sacks in the last two minutes of game time?

Yep, I miss the pre 2013 years when BCS bowl appearances and a peak at the top 10 was the norm/expectation. Man this program has fallen. 2006-2012 was quite a good time in comparison when I was a student. They were even better before then after 1999. Programs should progress not regress, Clemson did it..

[deleted]

Have you eaten at UVA before? Their food is atrocious and the garbage cans at DX are higher quality than anything they serve

No, I’m so sick of long lines. I just discovered Uber eats so I’m going to be satisfied for a while. Some places I’ve never eaten at before because of the long lines.

You'd be right. I think I meant last game ever against UVA, but typed it out wrong.

This is fools good for uva fans.  Their qb is graduating and therefore 95 percent of their offense.  We started nothing but freshman and sophomores.  We beet them by 30 next year.  Enjoy yourselves uva fans. Sway all over the place.  We will start another streak next year.

Sorry that we lost on your cakeday

ohh I thought we got a new 5 star. he’s a 4 star anyways according to 247 I believe but very solid player nonetheless

i dont disagree was just pointing out that there is more to it than just the ACCG

> They were even better before then after 1999.

You missed the best parts. Man, some of those teams were truly elite. Never quite made it, but man they destroyed some excellent teams. Everything in 2005 prior to Miami was a slaughter. Went to top 25 WVU, smoked them at home, easily beat a top 15 BC, put 50+ on a good top 25 GT. Man that was a team.

> Programs should progress not regress, Clemson did it..

Clemson was mideore for 30 years. They also won the lottery with Dabo. That was pure luck. Clemson doesn't have that much bigger an athletic department than VT does. Certianly it is no comparison to the big dogs like Bama, OSU, Texas, etc. It is extremely unlikely that we can repeat that kind of success without blue-blood money.

I agree with everything you said, but my point remains

Oh no I've eaten there, it's about D2 quality I'd say.

I've only ever been to the wrap place in West End and only because it's the cheapest meal on campus (I live in Lee Hall). $3.50 for a wrap the size of my forearm. Other than that I eat at Tazon and ABP. That's it. With my food sensitivities I can't risk eating anywhere else.

Well, that just sucks worse now doesn't it!?

Hunter is a player without a position.  He needs to figure it out in the spring.

Yea I guess, people say it’s recruiting and it’s declined a lot the last 10 years but VT used to be a school 4 star and some 5 star football players wanted to go to. How did Clemson turn around their recruiting? They aren’t in an attractive area like FSU or Miami either.  At least our basketball program, looks to be on a good track. I feel we’re regressing in football, this year was better than last year win wise but just slightly. 2 of our wins were FCS opponents and the UVA loss kinda spoiled the season. So it’s just as bad as last year in my view.

I guess good programs do regress. Look at WVU, USC, Tennessee, Nebraska, Michigan etc.

[deleted]

D2 has food that is better than most of their food, their food averages to D2 but D2 has a lot of both better and worse food

I feel like Gray could find a position for him if he comes back

It was a tough loss, crush one with the boys and let’s call it

VT administration handing us their only solution like:

That I May Serve You Some Student Debt

I keep thinking it's the beatnik flanders meme:

https://memegenerator.net/img/instances/67794873/weve-tried-nothing-and-were-all-out-of-ideas.jpg

Let's be honest, the current students are fucked LOL

It’ll be fine bro, just claim your role bro

Fake news meme

Just started tearing down Randolph this morning.

gotta keep those asbestos fibers wet

https://preview.redd.it/0fr4bzersy5d1.jpeg?width=4032&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=a14d89a1e80b178b546e7ca54d4d3687ccbec80a

Asbestos lol

I think someone posted this link a few months ago, but for those who didn't see it, it gives some life and history on Randolph that any current students wouldn't have ever known about. To us, it's just another old ugly building, but to others it's much more. RIP

https://eng.vt.edu/magazine/stories/fall-2023/randolph.html

It's almost cathartic to see it get destroyed.

RIP old friend

My first ever class was in there last fall. Had me rethinking my decision to VT lol.

Hey Randolph, thanks for all the memories!

Little sad to see this. I’ve had some excellent classes and memories there.

No way it's finally being torn down!

What's going to happen to the wind tunnel?

So many mixed feelings watching this!

Can they do Whittemore next?

https://preview.redd.it/qciu30hom56d1.jpeg?width=4032&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=d0f797aacbf8286a88ab8aee2d252a0bfe715d8a

Update from this morning. They're going pretty fast. Someone's notes still are on the white board.

Yes!! Burn Randolph Burn!!!  Too many awful tests in there!

this is like therapy but better

Goodbye, you hell pit. It was 90 degrees in those top floor, window-side classrooms in August & May.

Bittersweet memories. A lot of hours spent in that decrepit old building!

My Intro to Engineering classes were there back in the day.  Still remember this old curmudgeon engineering professor who was ancient telling the whole class that “women shouldn’t be engineers”….  Smh….

VT has a construction live stream. 

[https://app.truelook.cloud/dashboard/17762/21666/live?code=f11wk3vyfp5l4g6m5v0gpqj27](https://app.truelook.cloud/dashboard/17762/21666/live?code=f11wk3vyfp5l4g6m5v0gpqj27)

Button to watch live is on the upper right.

I got to see it when I did a college tour of the MechE department back in august, my grandpa came with and learned there while studying ChemE, he was bummed to hear it was being torn down.

RIP that’s where my first meetings with an academic counselor were when I started at Tech lol. 90 degrees in summer and the stairs were wonky. Also spooky bathrooms

God, I had so many classes in that building and I've taught so many classes in that building. I only hated it more the more time I spent in it. Anyone who's ever been in the third-floor men's bathroom...yeah.

Damn I'm going to miss Randolph Hall.

Class of ‘91 and an Aerospace Engineering grad.  Spent most of my last 2 years here and sad to see it go regardless of how old (or dangerous) it was….

*angels singing from above*

Goodbye, stinky 🫡

EF memories 😩

That’s where I did my masters defense. Lots of good memories, but glad to see it go. It was past its prime decades ago.

Sad. Very sad!

My friends and I were aero majors talking about this. Suffering in Randolph was almost like a rite of passage. Now that it’s gone, feels like we were never there

Oh wow, didn't know they were tearing that down. I guess I should not be surprised since they seem to tear everything down.

Beautiful!

This is more likely to simply to keep dust down, as is standard in demolitions. They’ve been doing asbestos remediation since December, so I’d hope that they would have gotten rid of the asbestos

Please keep adding photos if you have more updates! I’m sure I’m not the only long distance alumni sad to see it go

I’ll miss the weird normal-ass house they tacked onto it. Building was like the physical equivalent of legacy software.

Zero nostalgia here. Tear that soul-crushing place down.

[https://www.facilities.vt.edu/planning-financing/campus-construction-projects/replacerandolphhall.html](https://www.facilities.vt.edu/planning-financing/campus-construction-projects/replacerandolphhall.html)

Ditto

Thanks, appreciate the updates!

Damn literally the worst first impression of Tech academic buildings lol

Those bathrooms were so old and had never been updated, they actually still had the old powdered hand soap dispensers. They had to have been original to the building based on that type of hand soap era.

Yes.  Same.  I was also Aerospace and ‘91.

[removed]

Gosh... I spent a ton of hours studying there. Coming full circle - a few years ago (just before covid) we visited campus. I had my 1.5 yr old son with me and ended up changing his diaper in the same study hall, ha!

Compared to the old dorms? About the same lol.

Current Junior in Aero, had one class in that building and I learned what an indoor rain gutter was. Instead of fixing the leak in the roof they built a gutter inside the classroom with a drain out the window. During rainy days it would leak onto students.

I remember walking past the building when the wind tunnel was running… talk about loud…

Let’s go Hokies! Represent!

I will never not enjoy this video

I will forever upvote this. Every time!

A friend of mine that went to Miami sent this to me when it first started making the rounds and said "is this your team?" As in "does this represent your college experience?" 

I said "Hell yeah! We don't give a FUCK. If the football team sucks, we'll become a basketball school. Go sports"

Flair:

>Sports

757 representing

I love that my friend is still making the rounds in this video.

This will live on forever

Wtf lol

Weird lol

Super cringe

Love sports, love broccoli, go hokies

Looks like a bunch of people having fun, I pity that guy if it didn’t represent his college experience.

What class?

Every other 5 of your comments in this sub reference whip/nae nae.... you’re the super cringe here.

It was a girl and she was definitely jelly

She was I think a year under me, so 2015. I know her from a club, not from classes.

LOL

What are you talking about

You've got -99 karma at time of writing. Low key impressed. 😂

My parents got married 29 years ago today at War!

Congratulations to them both! Thanks for sharing.

Love your dad’s mullet

Hey I know them! Went to HS with your mom

I love that building, but I've never thought very highly of it as a wedding venue (it's the lighting). Good organ and acoustics though.

Thanks! Cool to walk past it every day

I love you both

Oh hahaha that's awesome! Go Bees

Y'all made it on NBC Nightly News

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yBF2LU2qfKE](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yBF2LU2qfKE) \[18:06\]

LET'S GOOOOOO

Well that photo explains why all the rescue vehicles arrived ....

GOKIES

Nice mask that guy on the right has on

At least it appears the majority of folks were masked. We represented ourselves nationally much better than our friend up I-81. *ahem* *cough... Liberty... cough*

For the lazy: https://youtu.be/yBF2LU2qfKE?t=1084

It's a precaution. They know to expect an injury or two from a bunch of college students in a massive snowball fight. Better to be on standby than too late.

you all are depressing lmao just let people have fun without mask shaming

It's as simple as readjusting the mask

Love sitting on the pylons

Bernie Sanders is Fucking 27 feet tall allegedly

[deleted]

It's a good thing he sat down for the picture, or else he wouldn't fit for the picture.

Your username 🤢

What was it

messi_neymar_suarez lol

Gf told me this photo was too cool not to share. Here’s what Joe’s Diner looks like at 3am :)

It used to be open 24 hours and would be chock full of people at 3am...it was the only place for late night food downtown.

I think I've eaten there twice and neither time was before midnight.

Riverdale vibes

Hmm, I’ve never been there.  Where’s it located?

Marry Her

Culture

Wow I miss that place 🥺

If it closes I riot

Planning on it :D

Yoooo this is one of the coolest subs I’ve ever seen. Definitely going to cross post thanks for the recommendation :)

Looks very scary!

Where is that!? I’d love to go there!

It used to be open 24/7 *sometimes*

3am on a Tuesday: Open

9am on a Saturday: Closed

No rhyme or reason. But that was part of the charm

It's on main between Moe's and DP Dough

It's on main street near Moe's

[deleted]

Thanks.

Oof can anyone confirm? I’ve spoken with him a few times and he seems alright and I’ve considered working for him

Really? I thought Travis owned it, he always seemed like a nice guy from the patron's point of view.

Travis????

[deleted]

Oh wow, that's super depressing to hear. I hope he gets his life together for himself and his employees. I used to love going to Joe's during undergrad and grad school.

266 Yards - Bhayshul Tuten Breaks Virginia Tech’s Single Game Rushing Record

Brother carried us on his back tonight along with APR

I bet all those fans who left at half time regret not staying to watch the rest of the game.

Reminds me of Khalil Herbert. 

Near generational back single handedly carrying the team to an average final record.

O line deserves credit too- he didn't even get touched on his 2 huge runs.

GO HOKIES!

Keep feeding that chili with beans

And all the students missed it

Insane game. Loved watching it with my family. 

While it’s disappointing some folks left early, I am beyond stoked at the starting turnout. Lane stadium is meant to be filled to the brim. That kind of energy helped feed into our first quarter without a doubt.

We have to be able to hold and keep a lead!! We could have beaten Rutgers, Miami and the game almost got away from us again in the 3rd. If we give the ball up 2 and 3 times a game against Georgia, Cuse or Clemson it’s gonna be a mess. But it was nice to see 21 pts before the half!! Tutens really good!!!

Right! And you can’t rely on Tuten to put up 266 yards and bail us out. We just have to play better for all 4 quarters . But boy when we look good, we look real good.

APR played out of his mind tonight, it felt like every key play that we converted on defense ended with a Powell-Ryland sack.

It was really disappointing to see so many fans leave

I think this was my first Thursday night game. I was surprised to see that many people leave that early. I was thinking they’ll be back, but nope. That third quarter was brutal though.

I have a bone to pick with ESPN.

Look I’m sure that some fans left early. But they rolled some footage of some Hokie fans downtown lined up outside a restaurant and the commentators were talking about them leaving early, they’ll be surprised to see the score, etc.

The bumper footage they run isn’t live. They send crews out ahead of games to film random stuff around campus and town, and then they save that video for years. I know because I’ve been in a bumper years after I left Blacksburg. They don’t have a live camera crew outside TOTS during the game.

One thing I've learned from watching Hokie Football is to never give up early because you never know what will happen. We always either choke or come back.

Also David Wilson.

He's bigger tho - Looking like he has the makings of a solid NFL RB.

GO HOKIES!

I was cussing at my TV in the third quarter. I said to myself "Oh, lord, we're going to blow it again." Thank God we played well in fourth quarter.

Tbf it was one of those days where it’s 55 and sunny during the tailgate, then 38 and cold come game time. Was hard to be dressed well for the game, have to figure that + a 28 pt lead led to a lot of folks leaving at half.

Generally still an issue overall though. Need to figure out how to retain the students, but we could certainly start by playing more consistent football lol

That third quarter was bleak.  Nice that we got the momentum back after that 4th down stop.

In my experience, the student sections clear out during half time of most games unfortunately.

It was also Thursday. Probably lots of fans with kids that had to go to school Friday and lots of fans that had to get up at 7 for work. If the game was 17-14 I’d bet more people would have stayed.

well we dominated the first half and then the fans gave up.... if fans stick around and maintain intensity maybe 3rd quarter goes differently

I thought we were going to have a usual Hokies’ blow it game. The fumble shouldn’t have happened from trying to get too many extra yards, nor should the interception. That was a crucial stop. Thankfully they won, the last game I went to was the Ohio State game, where they injured Brewer.

True. They usually do. It makes more sense given this was a Thursday night game as well. I just didn’t expect that much of the East side stands to leave.

Just ignored literally everything I said lol. Rather not have med teams in the stands caring for drunk college kids wearing t shirts. 

I was there till the end, the intensity remained high to the point that the boo birds came out in the 3rd. If anything I think the fans helped avoid a total collapse.

[deleted]

Lol, no. Listen, teams like to tell fans that they matter and they do to some extent. But they dont affect the granular events like interceptions and fumbles and missed defensive assignments.

The intensity of the crowd plays a role in the game.  The crowd had no intensity in the 2nd half.  Our defense in the 3rd could have fed off of support.

The broadcast took cameras downtown to find the fans and called out multiple times how "The Vt team could really use some fans right about now".  Staidum looked like almost 50% left

Virginia Tech WBB defeats UVA in front of the second ever sold out Cassell Crowd

OUR STATE!!! 🦃🦃🦃

UVA athletics is in shambles (more so than usual)

many tidy bake narrow direction full wise head light exultant

 *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev/home)*

We are now a women's basketball school.

Go Tech!

Is that the second sellout for women’s, or second sellout all time? I’m shocked. Not a women’s vs men’s thing, just how long CC has been there I can’t believe this is #2

[removed]

LETS GO!

But... *they have a good swimming and diving team*

In due time yeehaw

We have been since at least last year after their playoff run

Second for women's

They did it against NC State early. Last year they did it twice but both games were March Madness games which don't early count

Womens basketball was an afterthought for a very very long time at Tech, there was a time when us other student athletes would roll in after our practice to cool down and watch the womens games. The max crowd was like 200-300 ...150 ish were friends of the girls and fellow athletes then maybe 25 family members at most and an away family & friends.  

You could sit anywhere as there were only like 2 rows of reserved seats right behind each team.

I can remember fondly being shooshed!! over the course of the season because we were making them laugh as everyone could hear anything you yelled at the other team or them.  You didn't exactly have to yell loudly to be heard when there's less than 300 folks at a home game....

After a few good starts and at least one good coach moving to greener pastures Tech finally ponied up the money and got KB. He has done nothing but great things for the program and he deserves every accolade we can bestow upon him.


He gives me hope that I might finally see a team national champion in a sport at Tech in my lifetime !!

late special air piquant tan shy slim chubby capable oil

 *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev/home)*

HOKIES!!!

Pretty sure Tech beat them too at the CAC just a few weeks ago.

Awesome!

What year was that?

Bonnie Hendrickson's teams were getting near capacity. I remember sitting in the nosebleeds during our sweet 16 run in the 98-99 season.

[removed]

Had to look this up, very dope fact 👌 
https://hokiesports.com/news/2024/1/13/swimming-diving-tech-men-defeat-uva-for-third-time-in-a-row.aspx

Men only, the UVA women are the Alabama of swimming right now...and just to further clarify, dual meets don't mean much in swimming...its nice but a teams dual meet record means zero as teams are in different phases of training when they compete against each other.  It's all about conference and even more so NCAAs.  That's what its all about.

Whoever has the most at NCAA's with A times or high B is the team to watch. Won your dual meet...great but if the other team finishes above you at NCAAs they are the better team.

Years....the carol alfano time was rough if you were looking for winning records.... the AD was CHEAP.... even if the whole athletics ran in the black, he was cheap. Most of the people attending Olympic sports were fellow athletes....the best was baseball on the hill with kegs...... those days are long gone as is Hartman.

Well, if you weren't TAH before . . .

it's temporary I guess 🤷‍♀️

Man, that looks lifeless. I used to love studying in Deets because of the low lit, cozy atmosphere. I hate the modern all-white-wall trends, temporary or not.

This is giving math Emporium Depression Vibes, I hope those lights can be adjusted to a warmer tone

I really liked the old setup this just feels depressing lol

This looks like an asylum

What the fuck is that

The ol’ mental hospital vibes

By god they gentrified Deets!

~~I know it’s temporary, but it’s still hilarious~~

Kinda like Rosso in west end, they’re taking away so much character

This looks so much worse than it did before

Holy fuck

It’s not finished, all of the white walls are supposed to be temporary walls before exterior glass is installed

Derp's Place

Would love more photos of the renovation at Dietrick if anyone has some!

WHAT HAVE THEY DONE 😭

I didn’t even recognize deets. What the fuck is this abomination

Damn... glad that I left VT just touching things they should not be touching!

Is that deets??? Where's the windows, the booths, the atmosphere??

WHAT HAPPENED TO THE COFFEE DOG PAINTINGS?!??

[deleted]

Did anyone stop to think that the construction is still going on and maybe they aren’t done?

Wait is this the same location? What did they do??

Is that deets?!

No worries. That is nowhere close to complete.  There are some wood finishes that still have to be hung, and most of the interior design isn't completed, at least based on the items I've seen. Also, based on timelines presented to the board of visitors, the project isn't slated for completion until January. It should look much better when finished.

What the fuck is this it looks like a fever dream cafe

Is this Temporary like Surge was supposed to be? Or actually temporary?

It is just temporary.  They are going to be expanding the seating area dramatically.  All the things that were under that outside patio extending from DX to Deets is going to now be enclosed with lots of glass, just like D2 is.  Also the old general store is going to be a new dining facility.

Yeah I really hope they plan on bringing that back, it was one of my favorite study places.

That’s Deets???? Jesus Christ…

Hey, gotta get you used to the soul-sucking neverending grind against the wheel of capitalism somehow.

it also seems like there’s going to be a lot more seating. on one hand good cause it was so hard to find a seat during rush times, on the other hand i hate it cause i think it’s gonna make it go from coffeeshop to dining hall lol as someone who works there, i hate the new deet’s

😂😂😂

Took a second to even process what I was looking at 

How are exhausted freshman supposed to go for late night deets runs without getting flashbanged now?

Deets while construction is going on.

[deleted]

No one said it wasn't temporary, also, even if it's temporary they are using cold lights not warm lights (and it's giving the really clinical/depressive look) deet's used to have warm lighting, (just by changing the temperature of the lights it would look better)

I noticed they were selling all the old deet's furniture at a surplus auction this summer. They could always make it way better than the current sad-corporate-sterile thing, but I doubt they would make it look like this just to completely change it back.

Absolutely nobody would be surprised if this was the case and you know it.

Yeah you're right, either way they're gonna go with something new. I hope it's still a good vibe to study in nonetheless.

What a game

I know we didn't look absolutely terrible this game but I think the biggest disappointment was how it seemed like we didn't improve much from last season. We still have problems with our secondary getting beaten by receivers, careless mistakes on special teams, and preventable turnovers.

You’re not gonna beat anyone with 5 turnovers.  That alone was the difference in the game.

I wouldn't worry about it. That was the toughest game in a while. Odu might be a pain too but that one's at Lane. 

Plenty of time to turn the season around.

bench Willis

Fuente gone

‘Fire Fuente’ has a nice ring to it.

Oh no we lost at sportsball I'm devastated

> careless mistakes on special teams

rip beamerball

Yeah, and you gotta admit, the secondary stopped getting torched after the first half. In the send half, their only score was on that really short field.

We could have beat them, and I am super disappointed in Willis right now, but hopefully he shakes this off as an aberration.

We honestly werent even that bad today besides all the turnovers and Willis trying to become superman again and make plays that aren’t there

>Plenty of time to turn the season around.

I'm pretty sure we said that the entire season last year.

do you have 15m to pay for his buyout?

I hate how every time a team loses a game there’s a crowd calling to fire the head coach. It’s ridiculous.

Felt good about that one? I’m sure there are things in your life that you enjoy that don’t really mean much in the grand scheme of things but people probably don’t give you shit about it.

Just curious, what are your hobbies Razgriz?  Ever play team sports?

Unfortunately we made lots of mistakes in special teams even in the Beamer era. We were notorious for blocked kicks because we would put defensive starters out there. But we would also make tons of mistake. Worst time? 1999 national championship

If not for all those turnovers maybe they win. I'm not throwing in the towel yet this year. Still plenty of games to go but they better beat odu

I remember one year ECU beat tech then the next year tech unleashed on em at Lane 😂

Someone will. He’s gone dude

So last years fucking shit show doesn’t count?!? 

The man has no control over the team and they seem to be getting worse and worse every week. 

Where is the accountability?

Bud is running for the blue ridge hills from fuente’s fucking ego and so are top level recruits.

My hobbies don't encourage tribalism and violence, as well as the physical destruction of the people who I watch for entertainment. And the university isn't making millions of dollars off of unpaid laborers in the entertainment sectors I indulge myself in while holding tuition over their heads to ensure they don't quit.

They also might not take personal offense that someone belittled their hobby like you did. Sports are a joke and y’all just drink the kool aid and buy jerseys and invest emotional energy into “this is the year” and it’s gotten fun now to watch the disappointment I used to feel wash over the new rabid fans. VT peaked a while ago and I doubt we’ll ever fill that empty case and honestly think it’s sad that we have the case at all.

No, I don't play team sports, but I know from a large body of research that most sports [encourage aggressive behaviors in men](https://steinhardt.nyu.edu/appsych/opus/issues/2015/fall/passero) both on and off the field, especially football. Sports also [causes tribalism](https://www.brookings.edu/blog/brown-center-chalkboard/2018/08/29/the-dangers-of-tribalism-and-callousness-in-college-sports/) in fans which is [exploited by corporations](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/46388987_Fandom_affiliation_and_tribal_behaviour_A_sports_marketing_application) to influence these fans to buy not only game tickets and season passes, but memorabilia and products targeted at these fans. Meanwhile colleges make millions of dollars off of sports-related sales and the athletes get nothing - frequently, their attendance at the school is predicated on their continuation in sports.

The entire system of college sports is disgusting, abhorrent, and I cannot in any way support it. National sports are not quite as bad because the athletes get paid, but there are other systemic issues involved in that aspect as well which I won't get in to.

My hobbies include composing music and playing videogames, neither of which have been linked to increased aggression in anyone.

High on the list of things that make me laugh every time I see them: 

People who claim a coach is going to be fired after the team loses a game

The first two years he came here, we did great. 
He’s a new head coach, coming in after BEAMER of all people. That’s big shoes to fill— I think he’s entitled to one or two bad years. Give the man a chance. 2018 was his first losing season in 5 years. Losing happens to everyone dude. Get over it.

r/iamverysmart

You neglected to mention the association of football and other sports that involve repeated trauma to the head with [chronic traumatic encephalopathy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chronic_traumatic_encephalopathy).

Have you not been watching the past 2 years? Obviously not

I'm not being pretentious, sports are just the most deplorable of all pastimes, and if you look at my other comments, there's research to back that up.

[removed]

You belong at UVA.

real

They actually just looked at where people take the route so much that a dirt path is formed. Then they put a sidewalk there

Some of y’all 2020-now kids have no clue how nice and walkable VT was pre-covid. We’ve had a lot of construction in the past 2-3 years. 

I wonder what ever happened to renovations at the War Memorial gym. It was supposed to be done by now, but it seems like they shelved any construction early on. I remember telling incoming students as an orientation leader about how cool of a facility they’d planned to make War in 2019, with long glass windows overlooking the Drillfield.

Yeah as a 2018 freshman campus was a blast to walk around. I can't remember anything major being explicitly blocked off, save for what I think was a new ramp they put in down by Ag Quad, and the other ramp behind Owens. But those may have been fall 2019.

That’s a bummer, I remember war memorial being old and outdated compared to McComas even 16 years ago, really could have used a renovation.

Made a Tech tie dye!

Damn thats cool, howd you do it?

That's so awesome looking! Great job!

$100 bucks right now

that's really cool!

That looks dope!!

Well done!

I love that old school logo

That’s hard

That's incredible looking! Great work.

Great job!

It's a stitch dye, basically you can sew up more intricate patterns then dye it.  The two sides are a mirror image.

I've never sold a shirt, if you're serious I'll make you one and ship it out!

Yeah, I have an old shirt I took inspiration from, was going for a old school vintage feel!

Heck in interested in one

Im interested too

Ok, how do I do this, set up an etsy or something?  I would prefer to do directly to get sizes and make for people, I can customize too the colors to some degree.

Careful about copyright issues. You're definitely infringing on VT's. Keep in mind this only applies for selling the shirts.

[deleted]

Lol I didn't think of that... how can I make these for people if they want one?

Would love to snag a VT tie-dye exactly like this if you are willing to make a couple!

Depends on how much you want to skirt around the law. Legally, you just can't sell them.

Well if yall are serious then I just made an etsy page, I think you can dm me sizes and whatnot in there https://www.etsy.com/shop/Collegetiedye

Looks like they dropped the logo back in 2012?  It's not on their official branding page as a trademark.  I have no idea really.  There is an article that says they wanted nothing to do with it.

The sunset during the Wake Forest game was pretty

And so was that GAME.

For real though, that’s a nice picture.

Looks like you used the ass-whooping filter

[This is beautiful, but...](https://www.gettyimages.com/detail/news-photo/scenic-view-of-lane-stadium-during-sunset-of-virginia-tech-news-photo/81875753)

(For those not in the know, that was the sunset at the VT/Boston College game in 1999 - the last game before we went to the national championship)

I was at that game.  The sunset was just... so fitting for that season.

Had a little snag before the game

https://preview.redd.it/gujky03d60wg1.png?width=1080&format=png&auto=webp&s=cf21d460e92452b58d78720a8184dea8a5594b1b

Just so nobody thinks he was left hanging

Yikes! I have been to many games at Lane, this certainly is not something I have seen!

I hope hes ok. He smacked the board pretty hard. Like a pigeon hitting a window. 

There was another guy who missed the stadium completely and disappeared behind the score board. I hope he found something good to land on back there

They announced at the game that he’s okay!

This is a football metaphor

Wild seeing that live

Video. Hoping he’s ok. https://bsky.app/profile/sickoscommittee.org/post/3mjs6k3auwk26

Man, I hope he is ok.

Sounds like a Franklin program. Can’t stick the landing.

Hell of a view

Glad no one was hurt. Hole this isn't an omen for the season.

Someone jumped out of a perfectly good plane for that!  Glad all is ok!

Was the diver associated with the spring game?

Something tells me they wont let people parachute in anymore

there is a large practice field back there so hopefully he landed on that and not the athletics facility 😬

I hear he's still flying, haven't landed yet.

We heard through the grapevine he detached from his chute 30 feet up to keep from crashing into the back of the stadium and broke his leg. IDK how accurate that is however. None of the news articles even mention the second guy.

How long did it delay the game? (unintentional insensitive question)

I’d take it a step further and say it’s a metaphor for how things are in general.

This is how legends are made

I mean its always windy in Blacksburg, but yeah this looks like either poor planning or underestimation of the winds

They hit the camera wire during game day in 2017 yet here we are

They will do it again, this was a fluke and those guys are professionals.

Amazing joke. Very clever 😐

It took them about 30 minutes to get him down. The game was delayed for an hour total.

It’s a metaphor of how we are fighting the Iran war, among many other things.  Fuck Trump.

My understanding from buddies who do this is that the wind can change very drastically as you approach the stadium.  There are all kinds of up drafts and thermal effects from the bleachers.  I’m not saying that was the factor here, but my understanding is that it’s a tough thing to do even for experienced skydivers.

When he was hovering over the scoreboard, I was looking at the guy wire for the field goal net and thinking uhhhh, some bad shit is about to go down if he clears the board. Either he or the flag was definitely going to hit that wire.

Watching the video it appears the one landed on the practice field and this one on the board.  I assume they both were supposed to be in the stadium so it seems they both were off.

I was front row in student section and was watching it. The first one landed pretty hard, looked like the wind pushed him into the ground last second then the American flag dude who ended up on the scoreboard was stationary in the air above us for probably a goo old 20 seconds then he started to drift sideways and down some then eventually thrown into the scoreboard. Was certainly scary to watch in person. I could hear the letters shatter on his impact.

Yep all true, and this kind of thing is briefed extensively especially for a stadium jump.

This is exactly what happened - I was in the stands and you could feel the wind shift back and forth.
The first guy in came in from north then flipped at the south endzone and his chute kinda folded slightly almost thought he was coming straight down after that but he managed to correct and land.
The other two saw this which the 2nd coming in towing the VT flag bailed into the practice field... the other with the American flag tried to come in over the board but between the chute AND the flag being dragged two different directions of wind that he nearly just froze in mid air before the chute took over and yanked him into the board.
He was DAMN lucky he stayed caught on it because that was a good 50+foot drop into the roadway under it OR the fencing that has spikes on the top.

There were 3, one successful in Lane, one bailed to the practice field, one hit the scoreboard lol

Also add in the general tendency of winds in a bowl to follow a swirling pattern, the larger size of chute needed to be able to properly “sink” into the stadium rather than the typical forward motion, and the added difficulty of being the flag jumper for this specific guy.

Signed: former member of the VT skydiving team

The one that landed in the stadium chute about collapsed from a gust of wind. Today definitely made like the top 5 for craziest shit I’ve witnessed in my life.

I think the giant flag didn’t help very much.

Haha hey you guys were always fun! I flew regularly out of BCB when at VT and would always make it a point to go up to your booth at Gobblerfest and ask why you jump out of perfectly good airplanes :P

I have been diving a few times, just rather fly than jump ;)

He definitely made it down with great difficulty. But better than the other 2!

It was super windy.

I’m sure you got the standard answer from us: “because there’s a big fucking hole in the side”

Yep!

I am once again asking for VT to update the covid dashboard by noon as promised

Also: Data is cumulative from 8/9 - 8/23. 

So are we keeping these two week move-in numbers posted just for clout?

I would also like to ask them to show actually useful data (total cases in the area, not just Schiffert) in a non-misleading way (have a line graph of total cases, not just the bar graph of cases that day)

Request Denied. *stamp*

The only promise VT plans to keep this semester:

*Undergraduate students do not receive any refunds of tuition and fees as a result of application of the Course Withdrawal policy.*

&#x200B;

*Graduate students do not receive any refunds of tuition and fees for courses withdrawn (WG) based on policy memorandum 238.*

&#x200B;

*If you have financial aid, please contact your financial aid counselor before resigning, withdrawing or reducing your course load.*

&#x200B;

*The technology fee and comprehensive fee are nonrefundable and no reduction will be made after the beginning of classes.*

Expect nothing but ineptness from the Sands' administration

Yes

Well, it’s now updated. 

18.5% positivity rate for the 7 day rolling average, by the way.

ok

I'd settle for every few days if it even just consistently worked (or are they now restricting it?).

Now I get asked for a password?

No, it’s not data manipulation. It’s the move-in data. Read the heading. I do think that the dashboard still needs to display data in a better manner.

My favorite part is on 8/29 with 16 total tests given, but 64 positive tests.

And I am once again asking you to put COVID posts on the COVID thread. Misery loves company over there.

Lotta complaining here

Y’all are pussies, your memes aren’t clever, every school is having a hard time. Virginia tech is still one of the best schools in the country.

BuT mY dAsHbOaRd WoNt UpDaTe

Also, the "update" yesterday was listed as 9-6

Living on past glory. Those move in numbers were great. Why did the students have to go ahead and ruin it!?! That wasn't very ut prosim....

>I would also like to ask them to show actually useful data (total cases in the area, not just Schiffert) in a non-misleading way (have a line graph of total cases, not just the bar graph of cases that day)

That info is on the VDH website. [https://www.vdh.virginia.gov/coronavirus/](https://www.vdh.virginia.gov/coronavirus/) 

Can anyone tell me what the VT dashboard actually adds? Other than excluding anyone who gets tested somewhere other than Schiffert.

... can the alumni fire him?

[deleted]

Correct...


https://www.reddit.com/r/VirginiaTech/comments/ipeweo/vt_reddit_2020/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&utm_term=link

It’s what we do

Don't make promises you can't keep. People can still think VT is a great school and criticize something they do. Not mutually exclusive

Yup, first thing I noticed.

Yeah my point is that parents are probably looking at the VT dashboard (especially if they’re out of state), and that it’s horribly misleading. Either give us useful data or *just* link the state government’s site, since the VT dashboard as it is now does more harm than good imo

It sucks that our only choices are:

- tacitly approve of this bullshit by continuing to give them money
- stop giving them money and smother programs trying to do what they can in spite of it

ya by electing a non-democrat governor

I refreshed. Cleared cache, refreshed again. Tried a different browser. Same.

&#x200B;

EDIT: But it seems back up now.

Agreed!

[deleted]

that’s literally how it works. the BOV acts at the pleasure of the governor and the president acts at the will of the BOV but whatever

But the BOV doesn't really select the person for office. They approve of the choices and recommendations given to them by a _wide_ group of representation. Sure, they could say "NO! NEVER JIM SMITH!" but they'd spend a lot of political capital if they were trying to maneuver people into place, capital better spent elsewhere.

So, you're wrong.

I got tired of manually entering VT dining hall food into MyFitnessPal, so I built an app for it Hey Hokies,

If you've ever tried to track your calories while eating on campus, you know the struggle. Spending 10 minutes digging through the clunky dining website, trying to find the nutrition info for your Tazon Bowl, and then manually typing every single ingredient into MyFitnessPal... it's a huge pain.

I'm a freshman at tech, and after doing this one too many times, I decided to build a solution myself.

It's called HokieCals, and it's a calorie tracking app with all of the VT dining hall menus built right in. You just pick your dining hall, tap what you ate, and it's logged. Instantly.

Here’s what it does:

•Full VT Dining Menus: Real-time data from West End, D2, Turner, Hokie Grill, and everywhere else.

•Instant Logging: No more manual entry. Just tap to log your meals.

•Automatic Goal Setting: Calculates your calorie and macro goals based on your personal stats and fitness targets.

•Barcode Scanner and AI search: For when you're eating off-campus.

I built this for us, the VT student community, because it's a tool I genuinely wished existed. It's completely 100% free.

I'd love for you guys to check it out when it launches and let me know what you think. I'm still actively developing it, so any feedback, feature requests, or bug reports would be amazing.

Let me know what you think in the comments, it'll be launching in the next 48 hours.

Hey man, this is really cool, and something that you should be proud of. I wish it existed when I was still eating on campus.

Yooo this is fire bro, me and my friend actually thought of building something exactly like this. Our idea was to use GrubHub orders from VT to automatically track the macros, and I guess we were too lazy to figure out the API at the time…. So you should be proud of following through with your idea.

YOOOOO. 

This FUCKS. This is some college type shit man. This is what its all about. Congrats

Yoooo I’m an alum but this is amazing. Congrats dude.

Woulda helped me not eat 3-4K calories a day as a freshman lmao

Really really cool. I spent hours tracking what I ate on campus when I was a student, this should be really helpful

RemindMe! 48 hours

I manually input a TON of VT dining stuff into MFP when i was there, this would have been amazing. You’re awesome for doing this.

This is sweet! How are you sharing it out? I feel like this would be a good thing for Dining Services to know about and push out. Additionally, this could be a cool piece in a portfolio!

If this version is successful, you should consider building this for other universities as well. You could make a nice side income off it.

Now you took "invent the future" to a whole new level 🫡

This is incredible! Although a year late for me🥲

Hey, I’m a tech student and tried using Cal Ai to track macros. This app is so much better, and I paid for the subscription immediately. I do have a request tho, it should be easy to implement. I really would love to have a light and dark app icon. Right now, it sticks out like a sore thumb on dark mode and my OCD is going insane. Thanks so much for the app!

Oh shit this is sweet!

Hell yeah dawg

RemindMe! 48 hours

How long did this take to build. This is cool asf

I worked here a few years ago and this would have changed the game for me. I wish someone would make this at the school I work for now lol

This is awesome!! Definitely gonna use it when it launches. Awesome idea!

This is pretty cool

💀💀 isn’t this literally just CalAi

Sick! You should ask the AI to add a function where you tell it what your goal weight is and it picks foods for you for a meal plan. Gaining 20 lbs in 3 months is a fucking task though buddy. Good luck doing that naturally at your age lol

PLEASE launch this

as far as I know hokie is trademarked, you may have to choose a different name. But this looks crazy impressive regardless.

This is awesome!!!! I wish I had this when I was at tech 🥲 lowkey got the freshman 15 every year lol

Dude id totally love to download this this looks awesome!

Is it out yet?

I’ve noticed some of the cal counts for certain items can be kind of off—I can’t remember which item it is, but one of the boxes from origami is logged as like. 3 calories or something weird on VT’s menu. Is there any way you can verify the nutritional info is correct?

Thank you so so so much.

Been sharing your app with all my friends! Really excited to see its development in the future

Thanks, that means a lot. I personally had this problem and I talked to tons of people who had issues tracking calories on campus and were paying nearly a hundred dollars a year for apps that didn’t even have dining hall nutrition info.

I’m just glad I can help out some fellow Hokies who ran into the same issue as me

That’s dope man, later down the road I want to make it automatic so Grubhub orders sync to the app so it’s completely seamless. This is just V1 so it’s got the core features. 

Thanks for the love, hope to see you on HokieCals when it launches

Thanks gangster

I’ll make another post and let you know when it launches

I will be messaging you in 2 days on [**2026-03-05 16:16:20 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2026-03-05%2016:16:20%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://www.reddit.com/r/VirginiaTech/comments/1rjslx2/i_got_tired_of_manually_entering_vt_dining_hall/o8fk6yg/?context=3)

[**6 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK**](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FVirginiaTech%2Fcomments%2F1rjslx2%2Fi_got_tired_of_manually_entering_vt_dining_hall%2Fo8fk6yg%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202026-03-05%2016%3A16%3A20%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.

^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%201rjslx2)

*****

|[^(Info)](https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)|
|-|-|-|-|

Thanks man! It’s going to be on android and the apple App Store. I’m going to speak to dining services soon and try to license it to them, that’s the goal.

That’s the goal, right now it’s 100% free but the end goal is to license it to the school

https://preview.redd.it/li8olijf2opg1.jpeg?width=1179&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=41cb2ac001467921c6cf0ee86201739ff6a4ea89

Thank you so much for the support, I hadn’t thought of this. I’m also much more of a dark mode person, so this would be easier on my eyes. I’ll make sure this is pushed out in our next update

Something similar has been made by a few CS capstone classes before and it almost definitely requires tedious scraping the VT dining website for dining hall nutrition. The AI features are just extra but you can tell a lot of work went into UX and QoL features.

I have that feature built, I’m releasing it one week after launch to polish it up a bit. 

The bulk is definitely rough lol 💪

I gotchu, it’s going to be out in the next 48 hours I submitted it to the App Store

I was literally just thinking about this as the second I saw your message. It sucks because I really like the name HokieCals and I like the logo. Any good suggestions for a new name?

Came to ask the same thing

It’s going to be out in the next two days, it was briefly delayed because I’m changing the name from “HokieCals” to VTCals and altering the logo due to trademark violations

Yeah, this is definitely an issue that we’re going to try to solve. We’re talking with dining services to resolve inaccurate food labels

Of course bro I gotchu

Thank you! Such a cool concept and good job for making it into reality. Sounds like your time at VT is starting off strong

Tech is hard to copyright (from my understanding), maybe TechCal?

HokieCals has a better ring to it imo. Besides, VTCals is going to run into issues with CALS as the college of agriculture and life science

We Will Prevail. We Are Virginia Tech.

Virginia Tech is greater than thirty minutes of someones mental instability, it represents more than a century of people striving to better themselves and mankind

Have a great week, fellow Hokies!

Can I get a code for that sweater?

I move in this week! Hopefully all the reopening plans and whatnot will go well :/

Need codes for all of this.

I wish I could play this game :(

Here’s one I posted last week.

https://www.reddit.com/r/VirginiaTech/comments/i2nay1/acnh_vt_logo/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf

This is wholesome. I like it.

this is adorable!!

Sure! VT Sweater: MO-PJ14-6GBY-1HN7

Hokie Track code: MO-JJVL-FPQY-SHHW
VT Logo: MO-8S86-7B2C-WNJY
VT Sweater: MO-PJ14-6GBY-1HN7
Hokie Hat: MO-5FLN-BXQT-DJQM

Thank you so much!

halloween party infidelity scout for hire Hello Hokie!

Are YOU an insecure partner in your relationship? are YOU scared your gf/bf/nbf will cheat on your at a halloween party? If so, this might interest you! For a mere 10$ an hour, I will stalk your significant other at whatever halloween party they attend as a wallflower with a fully masked anonymous Black Noir costume! I will report back to YOU (my client) what your significant other is doing every 5-10m via text. I will NOT talk to them at all, so they will not suspect a thing! I will also not send pictures but if you ask for proof and throw in an extra 2$ I can try. However, once they leave the party, that is out of my jurisdiction. REST ASSURED you WILL know if they leave with someone of the opposite gender! 

dm me here for details! I am unfortuneatly booked for saturday night, but free the whole night on friday! 

EDIT: i am fully booked for tonight, saturday, and sunday. 
However if you guys ever need someone to follow yo s/o if they go to any other OPEN house party or bar anytime in the future message me here.

Dear lord the current economy we have right now for people to resort to this😂😂 I respect the hustle homie bring in the bag

How much is it for you to stalk me for the evening? I just want to know someone's there for me

You're hired!  I need you to attend an "Eyes Wide Shut" masked Halloween ball to make sure my wife doesn't engage in any erotic intrigue.  Kindly arrive at the residence of Timothy Sands at 11:00pm tonight.  He will come to the door if you knock precisely 22 times as loud as you can.  Once he opens the door, you must quickly accomplish three tasks.  

1.  Say the passphrase:  "The cock crows at dawn." and then let out a deafening "CAAAAAAAWWWW!"
2.  While your shriek has him reeling, give him the secret handshake.  Grab his hand, tickle his palm, and shove your way past him (it's part of the handshake)
3.  Now El Presidente (he likes you to call him that) will give the response passphrase of "SHERYL!  CALL THE COPS!  ITS HAPPENING AGAIN.". Give him a thumbs up or something, I guess.

That's how you'll know you're in.  Now, look around the house for my hussy of a wife and let me know if you see her canoodling with anyone suspicious.

I am both confused and frightened, but alas, not surprised.

REST ASSURED you WILL know if they leave with someone of the opposite gender!

What if they leave with someone of the same gender?

Will you post pics on Reddit for us?

[deleted]

This is like an autistic version of Hitch

https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0386588/?ref_=ext_shr_lnk

Cheaters: Blacksburg Edition

This a bidness man!…or woman.

Gotta earn that bread. I respect your hustle.

Bro this CANNOT be legal 😭😭

Any reason u just advertised to the world your costume?????  Kinda blows your cover?

[deleted]

I WANT THIS JOB

i gotta know did you catch anyone yet?

This guy was definitely cheated on at a Halloween party.

bag talk

The opposite gender?
What if you’re hired to follow someone who’s Gay

Bro if you need the money just go doordash, they paying 18-20+ an hour on nights like these😭

get a job humphrey bogart.

they hating but im just trynna look out for my homies and homegirls in relationships 🤷‍♂️ and make a bag while at it

Isn't this a very common service for private investigators? Nukes is just the cheaper, I-know-a-guy solution!

you can ask to hang out for free

🤣🤣

Fidelio

sorry man. i need the bag 🤑

obviously ill have to learn a few things about my target from my client, namely their sexuality, if the person they are leaving with is a friend or a random, etc.

im just the reporter. i tell my client what is happening and show them pics if they want.   
whatever happens next and whatever they decide to do with the information i give them is entirely up to them

not postinf anything here for privacy reasons

yall dont understand how serious i am. i alr have a client lined up saturday night and my target is a frat dude lmfao

might need to take some notes from him

thats what im sayin you get me homie

shidd if it is, im not doing it. a fine not worth 40$

oh yeah, im not actually going as noir. i justs said that so ppl will look for that while my real costume remains hidden

im not a professional but my dad is a PI. I know what im doing

i have client lined up on saturday and maybe one monday night

i do need an assistant...

last nights girl was loyal 🙏 we will see what tonights frat dude has to say about loyalty

refer to the other comment that asked the same

ion got a car bruh im an intl student. plus Im legit getting paid to go infiltrate parties this is infinitely more fun

thats what im doing cuh

yep. my dads a PI so i know what im doing

Nah, I'm pretty sure what she's doing is spelled f-e-l-l-a-t-i-o.  Whatever it is called, it is not good.  Not good at all.

Weak

Genuinely DM me we can exchange numbers 🙏🏼

lets get an update

Yup I saw that after asking eventually

Ight fair enough I thought you were one of the majority in state mfs that got a car and act poor lol your good

Snow days on campus are magical! I had to stop and snap a picture as I drove by the Pylons today.

I miss the snow

Would it be possible to get a high res copy of this?  I'd love to make a large print of it.  I have a big wall in my bar room that I have been looking to put a picture of the war memorial on.  This image is exactly what I've been searching for.

Happy to throw a donation your way.

Did it snow yesterday?

Idk anymore As an alumni this is about all I can muster anymore for this squad.

I went to Clemson for undergrad and am now at VT for grad school. Never in a million years did I expect my teams to be a combined 2-6 at this point...

Maybe we will get Dabbo lol

I’m not 100% sure, but I feel like this is probably the second time we’ve started 1-3 in like 28 years. Not even sure we started 1-3 the covid year, may be the first time in 25-30 years. Or I could be completely mistaken and this is the third time in 10 years haha.

Florida is now also 1-3.

To Clemson: You only embraced the suck.,,we were born in it

At least VT beat Wofford. Has Dabo run out of tricks?

[deleted]

I started at Clemson during the end of the Tommy West era, so it feels familiar.

Can’t wait to underutilize the portal even more!

2023 before going 5-3, covid year we started 3-1 somehow

1987 - Frank's 2nd season

There is no future at VT? So we should just close campus now?

If anything, that's what we are best at...

To the drunk students who got a ride from downtown to Center St from a kind soul at 3am who was coming off a long shift at a local bar… I hope you get everything you deserve after stealing that person’s wallet and having a good time with their debit/credit card. You are awful human beings.

File a police report, they’ll def be on camera somewhere

Keep us posted.

people that do this kind of thing deserve everything that's coming, hopefully they get kicked out of school and maybe they'll learn the consequences of their actions.

We were out down town on Friday and we overheard two people talking about pickpocketing students. Stay safe out there.

Damn, that’s so fucking low-class.

I am so sorry!  Video hopefully!!!!!

Update: Police report was filed. Not much hope given for finding them. Debit card charges—a couple of different Walmarts, gas station, car wash (?), and some overseas thing—have been disputed. And all the other hoops jumped through (credit freeze, new ID, new accounts, etc.).

Wait what happened now?

wow ut prosim is dead

when did they buy stuff. what did they buy?

🤦‍♂️ homecoming weekend lol

Agreed. I’ve given that advice and will ensure it is followed.

Kicked out of school?  If these kids get caught they are going to prison.  Credit card and credit card number theft is grand larceny in Virginia and is a felony. The potential penalties for credit card or credit card number theft include up to 20 years in prison, and a fine of up to $2,500.

If they were UVa students they would be expelled and handed over for prosecution

I would of made them TikTok famous

Drunk students got a ride home from a bar employee, stole their wallet, used their cards.

My friend had her wallet stolen this past spring and the person who charged her card less than 500 mind you went to jail. Both parties involved were students.

i’m fully aware of the potential charges, i just know that far too often, people get away with this kind of thing! hoping this person gets justice

In my experience the police don’t care. They say it happens so much, they can’t keep up. The victims are reimbursed by the credit card company, and criminals get away scott free.

Yes, in Virginia.

They will get charged with theft of the card, and obtaining by false pretense and larceny for every transaction

Any particular reason there’s no mention of a report to the authorities?

*Someone* has to sit and yap with another cop in the median of 460 while people drive by at 90 mph. It’s important work!

It’ll get taken care of today. The person whose wallet was stolen woke up yesterday to find out it had happened, worked on getting a hold of the banks, and then had to go for another shift at the bar.

Which bar?  My husband works at one downtown

Why am I not surprised it’s us

The fact that she brought that in her scarf suggests top tier alcohol smuggling abilities. Clearly will have to step up my game

I considered the ability to hide mini bottles of alcohol on my body in any outfit an essential part of my Hokie education.

Early-mid nineties, there was one drink seller that used to yell, "Mixers! Get your mixers here!"

I once walked into the stadium with two Four Lokos in my back pockets and a hoodie long enough to cover them. 

They pat down every other person and I made it in. Love Lane

That was so wholesome ❤️ I miss those days

When I was a teen I volunteered at one of the refreshment booths at Lane Stadium during home games. Post game my friends and I would sneak into the stands to wander, and the ground would be littered with mini alcohol bottles. Was always peeved nobody recycled them properly...

lmao

the boys used to do that during the games at lane stadium

just sneaking plastic in

"The drinking town with a football problem" lmao that's a new one to me*

This is Home.. lol

This could have been us but some dude had to eat bat soup

lol it’s called pregaming, (if you’re 21 of course)

My aunt sews secret compartments in the lining of her purses to smuggle airplane bottles.

During a night game, I once watched a guy bring in a camelbak backpack filled with beer underneath all of his layers. Just had the straw sticking up through the hole in his sweatshirt. To this day I lose sleep over the implications of this.

I never got pat down once and I went to all the games while I was there.  Is this at the student entrance?

Sometimes you can just shove a tall can down your pants if you have elastic trunks or briefs. Usually they dont grab your crotch or make you lift your shirt.

That's been on a t-shirt since like 2006

...no it's not, freshman.

Have you had bat soup? It's to *die* for.

Would that work?


I feel like the beer would get agitated and it'd leak out of the nipple. And when you try to drink out of it it'd just gush into your mouth.

I've also done cheap whiskey in a camelbak. We were ordering sodas and making mixed drinks in the stands

I have no idea. I didn’t ask, I just watched a man drinking beer out of his camelbak. It also seems like it would get warm between all of the layers and the guy’s body heat and would be pretty dang hard to clean out properly, but I just appreciated the effort.

It does do that.

THIS. this is what I meant by the implications.

Just drink it fast

A message from your friendly neighborhood bus driver We're doing the best we can, I promise.  This year is particularly bad because not only did last year's freshmen not see "real" full service last year, but neither had many of our drivers, so it's been one big learning experience for everybody.

**Need a job? We're hiring!** We are literally at 2/3rds capacity on most major routes.  HWA, HWB, TOM, UCB, PHD, and PRO (maybe a couple others I'm forgetting) are all supposed to have three buses per route, but right now we have two because we don't have drivers to fill the shifts. This means not only do we have buses running less frequently (15 minutes per bus instead of 10 min) but reduced overall capacity.

I *HATE* turning people away. It's the worst feeling, knowing y'all are trying to get to class and we straight up cannot fit more people on the bus. The good news is, there are some things you can do to help us!

1. **Know all the bus routes that service your area, and where they go.**  If you see a bus, it is going to campus, period. It may not be the exact one you want, but it's better than being late to class because your bus was already full. I heard earlier this week the Patrick Henry Drive driver saying he stopped at the first stop on Progress (the one with the brick shelter) and 50 people were there, and passed up on his bus because they were waiting for UCB. So the largest bus in the fleet went mostly empty and the smaller capacity bus on UCB probably had to turn people away. Which leads me to my next point:
2. **If you can catch a bus earlier in its route, DO IT.**  If you live at the Retreat, don't cross the road to catch HWA after it's already filled up.  Get to the stop on your side of the street 10 minutes earlier, and you can get a spot on an empty artic before it gets to Hethwood.
3. **If you are on campus and can reasonably walk the distance to your next class, it could be faster to do so.**  This goes for if you are riding the bus, too. During peak hours, it's faster to ride HWA and get off at McBryde and walk than to wait to get off at Burruss.  If you're on a bus that hasn't moved in a while, try to look out the front windshield and see what's happening with traffic. Then remember that next time you are a pedestrian, the bus waiting on you at a crosswalk may be containing dozens (or literally a hundred) of people trying to make it to class on time as well.
4. **The app cannot give you an accurate time of when to expect your bus.**  Here's how we operate: each bus will wait at particular points and leave at a scheduled time; these points are called timechecks. The bus will leave the timecheck at the stated time, and then drive until they reach the next timecheck. We cannot predict traffic conditions, so if you live at the Edge and want to catch Progress Street into campus, don't look at the app or call dispatch and ask exactly, to the minute, when your bus will arrive because we literally cannot tell you.  
5. **LEARN THE TIMECHECKS FOR THE ROUTES YOU WANT TO RIDE.** Related, if you live near a stop very shortly *after* a timecheck, the app times will be more reliable, but if you live very shortly *before* a timecheck, the app times are a total crapshoot.  Plan ahead! If you can make it to the timecheck, you know exactly when the bus will leave (but not arrive!).
6. **If you need to go to the Math Emporium:** 
 * **University Mall Shuttle (UMS)** will leave Burruss at :10, and :40 after the hour, and drop you off right outside the entrance to UMall. If you have enough time, UMS also picks up at Newman before timechecking at Burruss (See my previous point about stops just before the timecheck!)
 * **University City Boulevard (UCB)** currently leaves Burruss at :00, :15, :30, and :45 after the hour, and will drop you off across the street near the CVS.
 * In a pinch, you can also take HWA (from Burruss), HWB (from Torgerson) or Carpenter Boulevard (from Newman) and all three will drop you off on Prices Fork just past the intersection to University City Boulevard. But really, try to get to Buruss.
7. Do us drivers a favor, and yield to us in crosswalks if you can. So far, the major issue is the intersection of Alumni Mall and Drillfield Drive, just under Torgerson Bridge; Several routes turn right at that intersection, but we have a stop sign, so our normal method of "inch forward until people get the memo" doesn't really work, and it *really* doesn't work when there's a car in front of us who ***just. won't. go*** even though there's *clearly* enough room for them to get by. Sorry, venting, but I literally got held up making the U-turn to Squires for 5-10 minutes because traffic at Alumni/Drillfield was backed up so badly. Which is a great segue into:
8.  **If you drove on campus during a class change this week... could you not?** I mean I hope the experience was enough to tell you what a bad idea it was, but really, please don't.
9. **Be aware of your surroundings!** We're doing the best we can to pilot the bus across campus through the sea of people safely and efficiently, but we're human too, we make mistakes. Please help us keep a moment's distraction or inattention to a near-miss than a collision.  **This goes double if you are a bicyclist,** or god forbid one of those scooters or the skateboarders or one-wheelers who think it's a great idea to ride around in traffic with the cars without a helmet (or even a shirt!!!)  Please, for the love of god, *please* check traffic before you decide to turn on a dime off of a sidewalk into a crosswalk.
10. **Please wear your masks.** Look, we're sick of it too.  I've been wearing one full-time since this whole thing started, and I can't wait until it's not needed. [But right now, cases are higher than they were at this point last year.](https://www.google.com/search?q=montgomery+county+va+covid) The only fare to ride a bus is to wear a mask. If you forget your mask, just ask your driver; we have *hundreds* of masks on each bus. Fortunately this hasn't been a problem this week as much as it was last week, and I hope that trend continues.

EDIT: Fixed link to point to COVID cases in Montgomery County, VA instead of Montgomery County, MD.  Point still valid, and you can see how hard it spiked last year when we were only doing online classes.
EDIT 2: Fixed times on UMS schedule.

Thank you all so much for the support! Please be sure to let your drivers know in person how much you appreciate their work!

People that bitch about BT have never seen how poor transit is at many other universities. BT is top tier!! Thank you guys for what you do. You made my time in Blacksburg quite a bit easier.

[deleted]

FYI - your link to covid cases refers to Maryland's Montgomery County. You need to add Montgomery County VA.

THANK YOU FOR YOUR SERVICE!!!

All this and I can't state this enough:

Wait until the bus pulls away before crossing the street. If you cross behind the bus, oncoming traffic cannot see you and you can end up as people pate pretty fast. Wait 5 seconds and you can see the whole street.

So grateful to see someone share this info. As a senior this kinda stuff was what I learned on my own (Along with the fact that the MSS turns into the MSN once it gets back to Squires) over the past 3 years. Having it all openly shared helps out the 2, nearly 3 generations of people that have to adjust. 

After all, current juniors were on-campus their first year, then covid for the second, and are off campus now. Current sophomores were here during Covid, and freshmen are freshmen.

All the while, thank you drivers. Even with the decreased frequency y'all are doing your best. I hope more people try to give you guys oppertunity to move through campus during class change.

I highly reccomend getting on a bus earlier than you need. Worst case scenario you can't get on and you have options to get to class on time, best case scenario you've got some time to grab coffee or study before your class starts!

[deleted]

I was under the impression that UMS was 30 min frequency this year?

Any info on working for BT? Hours, wage, flexibility etc?

Thank you for everything y'all do. Hopefully things will calm down sooner than later (or that more people realize that campus will probably never be as empty as it was last year). One thing I did want to add about the Math Empo which will only really help those who live on campus is that if you're there late at night after UMS stops running the TOM bus takes you back to campus on the same route and covers all the same stops on campus through Newman. It's way less frequent at night but also generally empty and you don't have to walk back to campus at night. I used it a bunch as a freshman and it saved me from many freezing cold walks back to my dorm.

edited for phrasing

I don’t live in BB anymore, but BT drivers are the best!

YO FUCK THE BUS DRIVERS

If you're able bodied, the fastest way between buildings a half-mile apart or more on campus is by bicycle.

Thanks for the tip! Edited.

Saw someone fail to do this just the other day while I was getting picked up. Thankfully they didn't get hit but I'm sure it made them think to do things differently in the future.

And the buses are clean!!!

I double checked, and you are correct. Chalk another one up to not enough drivers.

[You can apply here](https://www.governmentjobs.com/jobs/3170784-0/transit-bus-operator-i-p-t).  Current listing ends tomorrow at 5, but we are literally always hiring part-time drivers (except for the short hiring freeze last year), and it will be listed on that site or at the town's website.

As a part-time driver you would be expected to work a minimum of 144 hours per semester, which works out to an average of 9 hours per week.  If you have a busy week and need some shifts off, it's no problem, but you'll want to pick up some extra shifts to make sure you hit the minimum.

Our scheduling works on a shift schedule, in roughly three-hour shifts:

* A shift is 6:30a-9:45a
* B shift is 9:45a-12:45p
* C shift is 12:45p-3:45p
* D shift is 3:45p-6:45p
* E shift is 6:45p-9:45p
* F shift is 9:45p-1:00a, except on Fridays where F shift runs until 3:00a.

We usually need people on A, D, and F shifts (next Wednesday we have *8* open D shifts).  I know it's a bit of a drag getting up for an A shift (I've worked plenty of them), but if your earliest class is at 10 am or later, you'd finish driving by 9:45 at the latest (traffic pending, of course), then you can just walk off your bus to class.

As for flexibility, it's both flexible and not. Because of the shift schedule, it can be tricky working with class schedules. If you only have one free hour here and there, or if you have classes overlapping the shift changes it can be a real pain (9:05a-10:10a classes suck because you can't work A or B shift, same with 12:20-1:25 for C/D). But if you need time off, the only reason you'll be denied is if you don't put the request in two weeks ahead of time, and even if you need something on shorter notice, if you can find someone else to pick up your shift then you're off.  We also have a tradeboard where you can post shifts you'd like to drop, or if you want to swap to a different shift.

Oh, and you don't need to already have a Commercial Driver's License or any prior driving experience, just a clean driving record and the ability to pass a drug test (we do test for marijuana still). You will be paid for your time in training, and reimbursed for the DMV fees to get your CDL.

> One thing I did want to add about the Math Empo which will only really help those who live on campus is that if you're there late at night after UMS stops running the TOM bus takes you back to campus on the same route and covers all the same stops on campus through Newman.

Yes, and worth adding to this that TOM picks up by the street entrance on UCB, not the front entrance to the mall like UMS. We don't typically drive artics through the UMall parking lot.

They really are not the best

It's really bad at the Shawnee stop heading towards Tom's Creek. 

It used to be pretty bad at Sturbridge but it looks like they're putting in a crosswalk where there wasn't one before. 

I'm most familiar with those two because I take that route everyday I go into the office.

Thanks. So you just walk off your bus and someone takes over? I’m somewhat interested because I only have class from 1-6 everyday and could do a morning shift. RIP to that drug test tho

Would there be any difficulties applying or receiving a license if you were an out-of-state student?

That 9-hour minimum is why I gave up driving years ago. Perhaps it is time to revisit that, given the shortage of drivers -- there may be people who would drive but can't handle 3 shifts a week.

HAH, maybe you're a neighbor of mine because that's exactly where it happened! I swear it's all because the stop has a dedicated section of road being a timecheck, plus all the traffic flow from the exit off 460. People probably forget that the bus stopping isn't stopping the flow of traffic itself.

Pretty much, yeah.

That time of year folks, get to it

In my case it’s a brand new professor that completely sucked. Wrote a whole book about how bad the course was lol.

Me turning in a 400 word paper the minute before it was due

I actually tend to write practically nothing for the shitty professors since it's unlikely they'll change if they've been teaching a long time or are tenured. The people I write a lot for are the good professors.

It's important to reinforce positive behavior by praising it so that they continue to do it in the future.

Man this was me this morning for a certain notorious STAT class...

Coming at ya kemp

Fucking mood. If I had done my due diligence and realized how research focused instead of student focused this school was I’d have gone to a different school lol

Do they actually do anything with these or are the appeasement?

Same I’m like 95 percent sure bad professors aren’t affected by surveys at all

[deleted]

same brotha. same

Most public universities are like this because thats what brings recognition and funding.

You could go to a private university that is more student focused, but then you're paying sometimes double the price. Is that worth it? Up to you.

It varies widely by college, department, and faculty member. I can't give a great explanation in a comment box here, but generally speaking there are a few considerations. If the faculty member is scoring *well* below others in the department, it may be of concern. On the other hand, if the faculty member is teaching a difficult class it is sometimes expected that person will score lower than their colleagues. Of course, if the faculty member is tenured and has stellar research/grants then all bets are off as to whether anyone can/will do anything about bad evaluations. 

Personally, I read them and try my best to incorporate feedback when practicable. However, it is sometimes difficult to accomplish when three students says "I really hated assignment 3" and three say "I loved assignment 3." 

I hope that's helpful!

[deleted]

You know it

Everyone shits on me for saying it as if it’s a bad thing lmao

I believe it would be, yes

Only if they're not tenured

Once they are tenured they have effectively immunity unless they commit gross ethics or law violations pretty sure.

it’s not a bad thing at all. i loved my time here but I definitely would’ve been better off elsewhere.

I think you get down-votes for implying it is uniquely bad at VT, when in fact every big research school does this, period. Even the smaller research schools like ODU or East Carolina. If it is on [this list](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_research_universities_in_the_United_States) teaching comes second. In fact, I'd guess it is even worse at elite schools like Berkeley or MIT. 

If you really want a teaching focused undergraduate education you need to go to a small liberal arts college like W&L or Richmond, or a masters college that does almost no research like Radford.

Because people have this silly tribal complex about universities for no good reason other than so they they can feel good about their choices and because they think that the school gives a shit about them.

No large public university cares about anything other than your money. They're basically run line corporations that sell an education.

That's not really true. Even tenured faculty still go through the performance review process, it just can't get them fired.

The core problem is that student evals are going to be a teeny tiny part of the performance review.

Felt.

That and the fact that there are a good number of faculty who are related to or married to the people they are supposed to be evaluating.

That Gen Chem Lab witch is married to the department head which is why despite being a horrible person she gets away with so much.

I know a couple married faculty at Tech and they are exempted from reviewing each other. Chemistry could do it differently, I guess. But this seems like a stretch.

I mean, there's no way that this person being in a nice cushy low-effort job for years despite being one of the most infamous and widely-despised professors on campus is by pure coincidence when her husband is one of the heads of the gen Chem department.

In light of recent news

They’ll only go online when they run out of room to quarantine people in. Can’t run out of space if you keep kicking others students out.

Unpopular opinion. This is the right move. Closing the university and sending many sick students to their parents to further the spread is a worse option. 20% rebate seems fair.

Wait what happened?

didn't cadets take over east?

Yup, or when someone dies.

Then they shouldn’t have brought students back to start off with...

Is there an issue with sending the healthy students home and waiting for the sick students to recover and then send them home?

Probably. I am not going to pretend I understand their decision making and I wasn't involved in it. But we have to deal with what we have have now not what we wish.

If you’re worried about Covid stay home. It’s that easy and then the normal healthy people can live their lives.

This right here

Lol I do. And I’m more then healthy, I’m a GTA that teaches completely online and takes all classes online. imagine actually saying “then the normal healthy people can live their lives”. I’m just actually from Blacksburg and feel like I have to change my behaviors around town because all of the other ignorant students have come back and are ruining shit for all of us local. If you want to look at the actual increase of cases after students came back and see that it’s the students that have made it worse then we can talk. Your response is not very UT Prosim.

I beat you up

Lmao, choke on it.

Spotted in Cape Charles VA

This was the type of school spirit that brought me to the school in 2014. I hope this kind of thing continues.

*everyone liked that*

I think the owners/occupants cars are in the background.

the Enter Sandman around the roof is a nice touch

Same one in Ocean isle, NC

bay creek?

The amount of school spirit at Virginia Tech is the thing that I love most about it.

Are you implying it doesn’t exist anymore

Dang good catch right there

Nope, historic district

Welcome to the Hotel of Virginia

They ought to rent Sands a room at Motel 6 and turn his mansion into student housing.

Impeach Sands?

So lucky I just graduated. I don't think I'd be able to handle the ridiculously overcrowded morning busses next year.

I’m an incoming freshman just hearing about this. Is this a good thing? This holiday inn shit?

OMG this is amazing

?

Do we think there will be dining facilities provided?

Thanks.  Just wondering what the freshmen are supposed to do. Not having access to food unless you walk across the drill field is an issue.

Word on the street is they will have maid service and room service too.

Universities rent out hotels all the time in these cases and the rooms are way nicer than dorms and has amenities you would never have in dorm.  Why everyone Always so negative about things the kids care less about and will enjoy.

TBF the administration.

I got one more year left. Wonder if I will even be able to get stuff from the food halls between classes now.

No.

https://old.reddit.com/r/VirginiaTech/comments/c3a2df/vt_buying_out_holiday_inn_for_freshman/?st=jx668jjp&sh=d79cd95a

There is no place for more dining facilities, but they have talked about more hours and more grab and go options.

The hotel staff got laid off, so unlikely

As a matter of fact JMU did it in the late 90's and students loved it.  And JMU put 3 to a room where VT is keeping it 2 to a room.   Sounds like a great option.

Its going to be those that choose the Holiday Inn or those last to accept (many of them last let in under regular decision).   If they had been rejected regular decision then they wouldn't have to be at Holiday Inn.  What do you think they would rather do be rejected from VT or have to live in a nice hotel room (better than most dorms) for the year.      

Are there students on here or just a bunch of helicopter parents who think that since their child got accepted there was not change they would have been rejected if they had been more strict in giving offers.  How about those that got accepted that would have been rejected.  I never hear that point of view - seems as though most here act like they wanted those kids rejected - real nice people!  Easy to criticise when you got in!

Why

what the actual fuck, this is insanity!

I guess closing Shultz and turning it into an arts center wasn't such a good idea.

With a major issue being crowd's midday on academic side at Turner .... a few more food trucks on academic side would do a lot of good.

That  is shitty.

[deleted]

Gonna be hard to get that freshman experience 30 minutes away from campus in a hotel :/

Edit: not 30 minutes but still

Edit: my estimate was right

Iirc, HI has less than 200 rooms, and they need closer to 1000. *That's* how fucked this really is.

No unfortunately, just the word of people in the hotel bussiness in bburg

That hotel is every bit of 30 minutes away from campus if you are walking.   More like 40-45 minutes.

Fair

Well there is the Hilton Garden Inn, the Hyatt Place, the Inn at Virginia Tech,  the Courtyard by Marriott, the Marriott Residence Inn, and if that is not enough there are a few hotels in Christiansburg.  lmao

If he buys all six, he can snap his fingers and make half the townies disappear.

I suspect he would like to make ALL of the townies disappear.  Having a bunch of Trump's deplorables around with confederate flags on their 4x4 pickup trucks sorta detracts from  the image of a  southern Harvard.  

Oops I forgot they are not Townies just the students in the VT College of Ag.  lmao.

Do y’all know if the slusher pool has towels or do we have to bring them?

You can dry yourself off on the carpet walls!

Nah that’s where they collect rain to sell as Hokie Water

🙃

There are indeed towels but you have to fight the mega roach OR outwit him to gain access to them

They give you half a roll of already damp paper towels

Fun fact Slusher Tower is the tallest building in Blacksburg

don’t even worry about it, you’ll dry off on the way down

Nice

My suite mate in slusher had a towel warmer so when we get out of the pool in the winter it feels good!

Nah, you dry off by joining the Slusher Dive Team

you’re gonna have to bring your own, sadly

😂😂😂

Do they still allow nude sunbathing up there? At times in the past, air traffic control had to be invoked due to all the small planes flying overhead to catch a glimpse of a topless coed.

is that an actual pool?

Lmao

Yall never lived in slusher so didn't get to experience the pool.

So nice after a stressful day as a freshman putting in over 5 hrs a week of work to get a 4.0

I heard the hallways were designed that way (not a long straightaway) and with carpet walls for ‘70s riot prevention

Carpet walls are gone, but you can take a dip in the bathtubs!

I was never able to answer Mega Roach’s riddles

Not for long. It's supposed to come down after the new dorm by the GLC is finished, at least that was the plan last I heard.

Is whatever used to be Lee Hall still standing?  It’s roof is/was higher than Slushers due to the topography of the campus.

Nope. Only actual pools on campus are at War Memorial and Mccomas.

I have never heard that about slusher, but when McBryde Hall was rebuilt, it had features to prevent or slow down a riot. As it was being built or completed soon after the Kent State shooting and many Vietnam war protests.

I preferred to distract him by asking him how his father, Papa Roach, is doing. Worked well most of the time, and as a last resort

Shit. Guess were just gonna have to settle for the Harper hall pool.

per BOV docs for their meeting this week, it’s not coming down till they can get plans together for an 700+ bed dorm

Yep. It’s Hoge Hall now.

You must be fun at parties.

I didn't know hiding bathrooms in random hard-to-find spots was so critical in stopping riots

I’ve never been fully sure which side I’m on in McBryde. I approach the stairs expecting to see Turner and nope, I see Torg.

Williams Hall was taken over by students during a protest.

Just fill the Pritchard courtyard

Lee Hall no longer exists. The name was racist. Even though it had nothing to do with Robert E. Lee. And the dean of the history department said it wasn’t racist.

Lol. I’m just surprisingly bad at telling when people are being sarcastic.

Your, telling me Mcbryde Hall has bathrooms, I just thought they had designated a pee corner!

The irony being that McBryde is built as a giant compass with each stairwell one of the cardinal directions.

I am not sure if they are still there but they used to have cardinal directions on the floor in the corner pointing outward.

I kind of remember hearing about that, but it is not really that well documented, I have seen a few photos of people being dragged out by VSP.

It was named after Claudius Lee, who was shown in the yearbook as president of the KKK. You can google either hall that got replaced and you'll be able to find out why the people whose names were formerly on them should not be glorified.

Lee hall was not named after Robert E. Lee. It was named after Claudius Lee, a former leader of a KKK group. Do your research.

i wasn’t being sarcastic lol i’m a rising freshman it was a genuine question ty

Those are gone.

Read what I wrote dumb ass - I said it wasn’t named after Robert E. Lee. And whether or not Claudius was a member of the KKK is debatable. “Lee Hall was named for Claudius Lee, a former student and employee of Virginia Tech, in 1968. He graduated in three years with an electrical engineering degree and was also voted best officer in the Corps of Cadets, president of the Engineering Club, president of the Maury Literary Society and editor-in-chief of the Bugle. In addition, he later invented the central electrical bell system that sounded in the upper quad and was a teacher at Tech for more than 50 years.
However, most of these accomplishments have been overshadowed by the possibility of Lee's involvement in racially intolerant organizations and Tech's indifference to his actions with their refusal to rename Lee Hall in the wake of these revelations. The problem arises in that it is difficult to judge the actions and decisions of a man who was a student at Tech in 1895. Many socially acceptable beliefs and behaviors that are inappropriate in today's society were more common and widespread over a century ago. We have a difficult time looking back and judging history based on the commonly accepted morals and standards of society during this day in age. Whether or not Lee was actually a member of the KKK is actually widely debated. After the discovery of the photograph in the Bugle in 1997, President Torgerson met with John Kneebone, a KKK historian in Virginia, who said during the time Lee attended Virginia Tech as a student, there was no klan active in Virginia. Some people argue that because Lee was involved with the Bugle, it may have been just a practical joke, granted, not very humorous. But after all, the year was 1895. We're not saying that because this happened more than a century ago, it makes it OK.” - from the CT

Hi a rising freshman it was a genuine question ty, I'm dad.

How is spring break going for everyone?

The door handle fell off of my screen door and I’m all out of half and half, thanks Tim!

It’s wandavision Thursday so there’s that

Did homework all day.

Man is this a mood, I wonder what the burnout metrics for this semester will be

Completely and utterly pointless.

Tryna get ahead on hw on spring break days so I can get the weekend off so that's neato

Found out I may have caught covid working a shift on campus.
Happy spring break

I had a lab, 5 quizzes, and 2 essays due today. What would I ever fucking do without my mental health and wellness day. Fuck this shit

Everyone I know, including myself, was still doing homework....so needless to say it was pointless.

Had a random prevalence Covid test, working on labs and such thats due tomorrow.

Man they break the break so we cannot go out for COVID, that’s kinda dumb cause I’m a no life gamer anyway

Got fcjcjde up so yay

Yesterday I just chilled in my hammock

J to have Friday 8ams

For what it's worth, I'm trying to make sure there's no homework in my courses around Spring Break days. It's not much, but I get that these days are asinine.

Get it homie

We Got Em

Damn, that article just kept getting sadder and sadder. Dude killed ex wife’s new fiancé in a Kroger parking lot while he was loading groceries into the car in front of her and his kids. The ex wife is pregnant with new fiancé’s daughter, whom he’ll never get to meet. I can’t even imagine what the ex wife is going through. 

I’m curious about the logistics of the carjacking- he obviously booked it to Blacksburg right after the shooting in Salem, but what did he do with that car? He must’ve dumped it somewhere in Blacksburg before jacking the other car, I’m assuming. I haven’t heard any details on that. What a crazy ride, glad they got him.

W

Feds did a sweep

I'm really interested to know where they got him because I was driving on Prices Fork and saw a white 2000s-ish Corolla-esque car pulled over yesterday but it could have been my dramatic imagination and incessant nosiness.

Unfortunately the guy he shot died though.

From what I heard on the police radio, the vehicle he drove from Salem was left in the parking lot but I don't remember exactly.

[deleted]

We love to see it

[It wasn't him. The suspect was apprehended in West Virginia.](https://roanoke.com/news/local/crime-and-courts/suspect-in-salem-shooting-arrested-in-west-virginia/article_39301a16-2374-11eb-8ab2-d7c406aa77eb.html)

What a little weasel of a man

Our boy Nickeil went off in his second career start for the Pelicans! Representing the Hokies well!

Hell yeah didn't even know he was starting tonight but love to see it

Get this man more minutes!!

Zion who?

2nd most points ever scored by Hokie in nba. Dell leads with 38

Basketball school

I encourage everyone to watch his highlights from this game on YouTube. Every bucket was impressive. Lonzo better watch out lol

This was really fun as a Tech fan, but really nerve-wracking as a Clipper fan 😖

[Fly Pelicans!!!](https://youtu.be/YE8nCNLylEM?t=14)

More like Lonzo who?

It do be like that sometimes

Danny Coale caught that ball!

So true it hurts

[I'm not sure how much longer I can have them disappoint me like this](https://external-content.duckduckgo.com/iu/?u=https%3A%2F%2Fi.redd.it%2F27ikitua6ca21.jpg&f=1&nofb=1)

It wasn’t pass interference

Old fan here...,it’s not the loss but more of the loss of the program.....at least we have basketball. With a young team it’s already shown a lot.

No doubt.  Painful but the scars I've built up keep it from cutting so deep. :(

Thank you kind stranger(s) for the silver!

Edit: stranger(s)

Omfg yes I remember that game that was some bullshit

That's the angriest I've ever been over a "loss".  Today is probably tied with the Orange Bowl v Kansas for second.  All three times a completely winnable game slipped through our fingers through some combination of bad refereeing and poor coaching decisions.

I'm still mad

My Psych 1 professor used that photo as an example of group think. Showed it, asked the crowd if this was a catch, and just proceeded with the lecture. Maniacal bastard.

I’ll never not be mad about that

Amen to that.

HELP ME FIND THE POS that Vandalized my car last night

massive reddit moment in these comments lmao.

Please report to VT PD if you haven't. People act like this campus doesn't have several hundred cameras all over it.

I don't have any actual helpful information, but I live right at the edge like 20 feet from where this was, and heard the crash and the alarm go off and assumed someone had hit another car in the parking lot, this is a lot crazier than I expected. Hope you find out who it is!! It'll be hard based on how little there is to go off of

Poor guy got his car vandalized yet OP is blatantly being victim blamed because it doesn’t fit Reddit’s political agenda. You’re better than this, Hokies. This is a sad time if you guys are justifying this stupid shit

You know for a fact Reddit is a miserable shitty echo chamber when people are downvoting the fact that you’re upset that someone vandalized your car all because you drive Tesla, fucking pathetic

Jesus y’all need to calm down. Driving a Tesla isn’t just cause for vandalism. Even if the CEO is a fascist dipshit.

Here’s the footage. If anyone else’s Tesla been vandalized recently, pm me. https://imgur.com/a/ySwEIZ4

police report + insurance claim.

Realistically not a high chance of finding them

What kind of car do you drive?

This happened at the Edge around 10:45 pm on the 6th

I’m sorry this happened to you

do you happen to drive a Tesla

OP I am sorry this happened.

I was really hoping he'd bite it on that median.

I think EM is disgusting but that doesn't make any of this right, sorry you are dealing with this. In one of your still images, it looks like this person may have a wedding ring on. Perhaps someone that was passing through the neighborhood moreso than one of your fellow students at The Edge.

UPDATE: Another Tesla in the complex got keyed and mirror kicked last night.

Clearly an unhinged individual. Assuming you find this person, I’m ngl… there’s not much that frightens me these days but folks that do shit like this with no rhyme or reason tend to be the ones I stay the furthest away from

Can u upload the full video

[removed]

Sorry that was me

[removed]

Lots of assumptions that this is because it's a Tesla. Maybe OP has enemies?

Kinda scary to read peoples rationale behind why it’s ok to break and or mess with other peoples stuff.

reddit moment.

It's crazy how this is considered a hot take by many

Exactly, there is no excuse. I promise if anyone else had their car vandalized, they would be pissed.

[removed]

What’s more chicken-shit than fuckin’ with a man’s automobile?

holy shit i started turning off sentry a bit ago because of the power consumption. never doing that again.

I had to watch this about 10 times before I was sure your car didn't defend itself with fire

Tesla

Yes

The ring is on the right hand, so maybe not a wedding ring.

Awful. 

The fact that someone can ruin a random person’s day and property over politics without actually knowing them is hard to believe.

Everyone is vandalizing Teslas these days. Not saying it’s right but there is definitely reason

Here’s the footage https://imgur.com/a/ySwEIZ4

Troll behavior.

STFU

Your head is so far up your own ass, you can’t even make a logical thought. Take this as a moment for self reflection and think for yourself for once.

Insufferable

I mean it is very likely because it was a Tesla. Which does means this was rather senseless as there is no way of knowing when OP got their Tesla, so they could have bought it before Elon showed he was a Nazi. Plus damaging someone else's personal property doesn't do much. If someone wanted to stick it to Elon then maybe they should take a page out of France's book.

It’s not approaching.

The real world is not Reddit. 

It’s not sus because you know absolutely zero about the living breathing human who drives the car. 

You are making an assumption about this person without knowing them and labeling them because of the car they drive. That’s sus. 

I’m sure you hold the same opinions of people who drive Volkswagen and Toyota or maybe enjoy an occasional Fanta soda.

Exactly. 

Doing it at night to someone you never met because of politics. 

Stupid people are easily influenced. Kind of scary if you really think about it.

Is it a cybertruck?

People downvoting this are sick in the head. 

Anyone who thinks messing up someone’s car is a good idea because of politics need s to Go out and talk to family and friends off Reddit.

Fucking loser behavior no matter what the politics are.

These downvotes are wild. Real critical thinking skills around here.

Hahahahahaha get bent

[deleted]

Everyone isnt. 

Don’t confuse Reddit for the real world. 

Most people know that messing with other peoples property is not ok. 

Dumb take.

Let’s be clear. Everyone is not vandalizing Tesla’s. As commenter said these people are unhinged. 

These unhinged individuals would rather believe Musk did a Nazi salute and vandalize random peoples cars, than believe [Snopes](https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/musk-nazi-salute-accusations/) and the [Jewish Anti-Defamation League](https://x.com/adl/status/1881474892022919403?s=46) that the gesture was an awkward camera capture that was Rupared. 

I prefer to not align with a party, but I am starting to see the rights point of the left being mentally ill unfortunately. It pains me and I will accept the down votes for this statement, but the OP getting his car vandalized because of a Rupar is disgusting.

EDIT: for those of you [that don’t know what a Rupar is](https://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=rupar), it was made famous my Aaron Rupar, where he famously edits videos or takes images out of context to mislead the public for political gains.

Sky tonight at 5:20 pm, Smith’s Landing!

Why was the sunset so beautiful today? It was so different for some reason

Beautiful.

How do you like the appt?

Classes ended

I’m spoiled

1 bedroom? Thinking about living there in August

Three-bedroom actually

After your 7th pump of yum yum sauce and head to checkout

3 pump chumps get out of here

Damn now this is a reference

Guys you can buy yum yum sauce at Walmart by the bottle!! As many pumps as you want!!

Don’t you dare slander my girl Sue >:(

Back in my day all we got was sriracha

Omg that’s perfect

I don't do it for the yum yum sauce. I do it for the rush of adrenaline I receive as the cashier stares me down.

We’re already paying for it...might as well use it

You're paying for 3 pumps!

Yeah honestly though, if you need more than three that just makes it disgusting.

That's more of a personal preference thing, but I'll agree I don't want my rice swimming in sauce

Just graduated, is it ok if my laptop didn't meet the engineering requirements? i hope i dont have to give my degree back

Just called the police on you. They’re on their way.

Oof. Big oof. You’re gonna have to redo these past 4 years

Laptop requirements are a scam. I spent $1600 on my fujitsu when i could have gotten a perfectly good one for half that. Barely used the tablet mode.

Just finished my Sophomore year in Civil Engineering still rocking a MacBook Pro no issues!

It's impossible for you to have graduated, if your laptop didn't meet the requirements then you never passed ENGE 1215.

Wish I would’ve realized how much of a scam that was before I started

I like using the tablet mode for all of my classes, but most people just take regular notes. You don’t need a tablet just a computer that can run software decently.

my laptop is borderline a potato 
unless yours is a rock, you’ll be fine

I was gonna say something but totally forgot when I read your username

In 2003 they mandated we use tablet laptops.... In 2003. Not one person did, so yes they revoked everyone's degrees and had us all deported.

Counter point to everyone else: started in the college of liberal arts, transferred to computer science. Every day I have to run code I hate my shitty, over priced Mac book more and more because I chose functionality and design over raw computing

My x230t is still rocking into it's 7th year. The touchscreen was immensely useful for me in college as I saw it as a tool to use, not an extra feature I was forced to use.

No one cares what laptop you have, you need one that can complete school works. For freshmen engineering it’s mostly just Matlab and solidWorks.

I knew this wasn't true because nothing needs 16 gigabytes of ram.

I'm graduating from engineering on Friday. I used tablet mode to sign electronic forms and that's about it. As long as you can run Solidworks and Matlab on it you'll be more than fine

This is the laptop police. u/AsstolfoAnus must hand over both laptop and degree to me- I mean to the department. I'll take them to the department.

F

Same. Bought a $1600 HP Spectre and maybe used its tablet mode for a class two or three times. Of course after two years the thing self-destructed from a known issue.

I'm class of 14 and I think the fushitsus were 2100 it something back then. Worked like a solid $400 computer for four years and then crapped out promptly after. Really wished I was the guy with the bamboo pad.

Would you say the touchscreen requirement is necessary

I transferred in during the first year that they required us to have tablets. That POS Fujitsu was $3200 and I hardly ever used the tablet function.

What did you do freshmen year for general engineering? Didn’t you need a touchscreen?

please stop wasting your money on mobile phone games and buy my doujinshi instead

2003? I call BS

[removed]

Counter-counterpoint: I've worked in software development shops for 10 years, and 80% of developers in the "real world" use a Macbook pro.

What? Computer science is probably the only major I can think of where a MacBook is far superior. I use a 2012 MacBook pro (with ram and SSD upgrades) and it's amazing for programming. Amazing trackpad, super easy switching to multiple desktops, terminal works great for most things. If I ever need to run something really cpu intensive I just do it on rlogin.

For programming, everything is like 3x easier on the MacBook than a windows laptop. I only use it for programming and an internet browser, but it does those things pretty well.

[deleted]

My piece of shit didn't even run cad well, that's like the one thing you need as an engineering student smh. Easily could have gotten one w/ better specs for <$800

I graduated in 2013, and it was "very useful but not technically required" for like two classes. I ended up using it for OneNote because I had it, but otherwise it was a crappy, overpriced laptop.

hell no lmao

No longer required

$3200, goddamn. It's kinda funny because they do 'require' us, but at no point did anyone check or enforce the 'requirement'.

Nope, never needed a touchscreen and I ran Virtual Box here and there for a few of the problems that only worked in Windows

Asstolfo best waifu forever

Not kidding, the tech was brand new and there was no applications or OS designed to utilize it properly. Plus if I remember they were expensive and flimsy as shit.

And have access to good dev and GUI tools. Plus good battery life.

Windows is great for programming because it has built in Linux instead of some other bastardized version of Unix.

Weird, the only MacBook I see in our entire office belongs to one of the video guys. Even his boss runs Windows.

Look, I’ll give Mac one thing, it’s good for writing papers and creating powerpoints

I failed a CAD assignment once because my damn toshiba crashed while my cad file was open, and corrupted the file. Even though I'd been saving as I went along, the whole thing was ruined, and I lost at least six hours of work the night before the assignment was due. Submitted the corrupted file, got a zero.

What laptop would you buy that’s under $800?

[deleted]

https://linx.li/s/e2u57ekx.jpg

when r u going to join my irc channel and erp about made in abyss episode 10 with me

ive told u to stop wasting money on gacha on like 5 accounts now

\#420_memes_ayy_lmao irc.oftc.net 

https://webchat.oftc.net/?nick=&channels=%23420_memes_ayy_lmao&uio=d4

Well, still BS. Just a different kind

Windows XP Tablet Edition! Oh you said properly

I wish they'd just spin up VMs for all engineering students. Having to buy a beefy laptop for CAD work is dumb; just have everyone remote into a fully backed up server with multiple layers of redundancy. Would make life so much easier.

I learned by my junior year to just remote into my home box for everything. Never got burned by it.

Something like this:
 https://www.amazon.com/Lenovo-ThinkPad-T480-Business-Laptop/dp/B07H3CYD62/ref=mp_s_a_1_4?keywords=lenovo+thinkpad&qid=1557749903&s=gateway&sr=8-4

Plus lenovo pcs are constructed way than fujitsu imo.

For sure.  It was MUCH easier to take, sort, review, and search through my notes using OneNote.  However, the upcharge for the Fujitsu garbage wasn't worth it and didn't make them "required."

What I ended up doing was using a MacBook pro for almost everything, my gaming desktop for serious CAD/programming (undergrad research and extracurriculars included), and I ended up buying an Asus EP121 for like $200 to be my OneNote mule.

how do i unread a comment thread

How to make students happy 101

Are the scooters free?

Does The Cage still exist?
Did I just date myself?

Just went through the IG story about them. These scooters are stupid.

* Geo-fenced to VT's campus (does not include the empo)
* Speed is capped at 12mph, 4mph around the drillfield (currently disabled on the drillfield because technical issues)
* Must be returned to specific docks unlike literally any other electric scooter setup
* Shut off at 8PM 
* Are removed from campus before "high traffic" events like football games. 
* $1 to unlock then $0.15 per minute until re-docked.

[deleted]

Any excuse to complain right

There are over 1500 parking spaces open even at the busiest times in the afternoon. Will they be right beside the front door of your building?  No. But there are frequent shuttle buses from both large commuter lots on the edge of campus.

Thank you for the shout out, Juniors shouldn't have to live in temporary housing.

[deleted]

[deleted]

It exists, but they took part of it to build HABB 1. Eventually there won't be a cage lot, but there may be a parking deck in the back corner next to the chilling plant.

So basically they’re just for people who are late to class or don’t know how to walk...

To be fair it makes sense that they can be only docked at certain locations Im from California where e scooters have been a thing forever and on SJSUs campus people would just leave them all over the place leading to their eventual ban, I think it makes more sense to have them have dock stations at least for the time being for the "pilot study" other points i agree with tho

That’s because they’re actually a part of a research for VTTI. They’re geo-fenced because the researchers have installed cameras which monitor traffic movement and its affects by using scooters. They also need to be charged every night which is why they’re not available after 8pm(And also because the researches can’t really look at dark videos past 8pm). Speed is also capped because you’re riding on campus and SAFETY. 

Y’all just need a reason to complain

Do they really have to be returned to docks? The app didn’t say anything about that other than to park at bike racks and out of the way. I ended my trip at squires where there isn’t a dock and the app was fine with it because the scooters battery was high.

They are definitely not being re-docked. I saw at least 5 abandoned on sidewalks by Prices Fork, and more along Main Street.

This is wrong. They have to charge at night which is why they shut off at 8. Also they aren't capped at  12mph, that's just the limit of the motor. Not to mention on flat ground that feels really fast, and even faster when going 17 down hills that shits scary.  You also don't have to dock them anywhere specific. The vt map of where their located is only their starting positions, you can leave them anywhere.

How long would it take an engineer to unlock one? These will all end up in a Ryder truck heading to NY.

https://policies.vt.edu/assets/5005.pdf

https://law.lis.virginia.gov/vacode/title46.2/chapter8/section46.2-905/

University policy and state law says you can ride on the road and in bike lanes. You can ride on campus sidewalks, but not Town of Blacksburg sidewalks. You can't charge, store, or ride electric scooters in university buildings due to the fire risk from lithium ion batteries.

Yes if there weren't any - Post would read: 'Why doesn't VT have E-Scooters!?!?'

This \^\^\^ The constant complaining about the 'lack of parking' is getting old. It's like some people expect the university to provide 30,000+ parking spaces so everybody can drive the half mile from their apartment to campus and be guaranteed a spot.

Just wait until they close the Perry Street garage to students permanently. I can't wait for people to start howling about that.

This is pretty much the price in every city they’re in. I live in DC and there’s one on every corner. Use them all the time and love them. Plus, you’d be surprised how cheap they really seem. Ride around for 30 minutes and you’re only paying $5. That said, I know $5 means a lot more for a college student than it does to someone working full time

Oh fuck that

So the age old tradition of walking back to the dorms in the middle of winter holding onto your grocery bags still exists?  

I remember watching the girls get their safe rides back to their dorms as I trudged through the cold. Good for them. Sucks to be me.

The docking requirement is not a requirement.  They are already littering the sidewalks in random locations, which is quite shitty for people in wheel chairs.

>a part of a research for VTTI

So they're charging money for students to participate in a study?

I guess it depends on how they define "designated area" [pic](https://imgur.com/a/H2ep5Pu)

Then the official VT Instagram account is reporting everything wrong.

I mean much of VT's campus comes from the suburbs/exurbs outside of Washington DC, where immediate and super abundant parking is a way of life.

No, just cap enrollment at what the campus infrastructure can handle which is realistically about 25,000 students.

I don't care about the price since I use my bike anyway. Just letting the other person know.

You know i was saying fuck that as well until i tried them today, there’s something strangely satisfying about whipping from pamplin to Owens to get some chicken parm on a scooter

They’re not free for a reason. Trying to limit how many people just leave them lying around on sidewalks and in the grass. We will see if people actually dock them when they realize they are being charged for not docking them

>So the age old tradition of walking back to the dorms in the middle of winter holding onto your grocery bags still exists?

Groceries?  The only thing I ever bought at the grocery store when I lived on campus and had a meal plan and dining dollars was beer.

Maybe they should just be banned on campus then because if people are already littering with them they should be still getting charged on the app which would disincentive leaving them in non docking areas

Is it compulsory to use it? No. They’re not charging you, you’re choosing to use it. 

Also, it’s a service provided for a charge.

Nope, you can leave them anywhere.  I encountered several today.

[removed]

[deleted]

They just banned them on the boardwalk here in Virginia Beach.

They will still be charged. We will see how much that affects people when they see the bill. 15 cents a minute  until the lock it could rack up if they forget.

Do you have to wear a helmet?

I'm saying it's a shitty service but it's priced like other ones which are better. You can't have it both ways.

I blame the shitty redesign of imgur for not giving me the correct direct image links anymore.

What? I’ve literally just copied the info that the official VT account was posting. I don’t know who “made” the rules.

You can report improperly parked scooters in the app or by calling. 

Scooters are/were disabled on the drill field because it has a lower speed limit and was buggy. 

You think the scooter company would just dump them on campus, for a transportation study, and ignore how VT wanted them to be used?

It is not required by law.

However, if you would like to maintain the shape and function of your brain I would suggest that you do. Even though they're capped at 12 mph, there is enough potential to cause a skull fracture.

They say so. I’m not sure about it but I doubt it’s compulsory

Part of charging is so students will continue to be charged if they just leave the scooters littered around campus. It’s an eyesore and dangerous.

The price is standard in pretty much all cities. DC has it everywhere and it’s the same cost. The cost is decided by the company SPIN.

Or just dont have it at all-

It's a luxury.

VT does set higher standards and expectations
but students shouldn't feel entitled to have the best of everything, this would include communal E-Scooters.

Saw this on my Facebook, how true.

..having sat in: 

"True dedication" 

"calf workout" 

"hot or cold as hell" 

"literally everyone who ever enrolled" 

"I can see foxridge" 

"too drunk for game" and 

"Drunken horde" 

I have lots of appreciation for the accuracy of this image.

This is uncannily accurate.

I've been told to hush in the sea of sitting alumni before.

My tickets are in "hot or cold as hell". True.  Early Sept games - pay $5 just to pour a bottle of water over head for some sweet relief.  Nov - Selling Hot Hands for gold.

Spent four years in "uniforms in pushups" followed by a 5th year in "i think I can see Foxridge" however since then we've been in "hot or cold as hell" and slowly pushing towards the choice seats in "literally everyone who enrolled at VT".

As a Marching Virginian, can confirm.

My house was by Too Drunk For Game. Very accurate.

Calf workout for the win

Can confirm.

Source: spent 3/4 of college in "HOKIES!!", but since then I've been in Drunken Horde, H-O-K-I-E-S, Calf Workout, Would Rather, Selfie Central, I Think I Can See Foxridge, Hot or Cold, Literally Everyone, True Dedication, Utter Wasteland, Drove 5 hours, and Too Drunk for game.

[deleted]

Crazy - in East stands, people are like "WTF are you sitting for"

Oof

I have a friend (and alumni) who was thrown out for making a dolphin noise (repeatedly) while sitting in the sea of sitting alumni once.

Moving around so much by the way, is the side effect of getting all my tickets from TSL, Facebook, or Stubhub.

Or you’re screaming curse words behind her 5 year old kid. Two sides of the story.

Ok that’s annoying

Meh. Either way, let guy yell. It's a college football game. You don't think college kids will cuss? You hear cuss words with college football on TV. If you're really THAT worried, don't bring the 5-year-old

I’m talking about aggressively dropping F bombs and being a general asshole. Not even students appreciate people being assholes in the student section much less parents who came with their children.

Oh, well that's a different story. The way I see it, if it's accepted in the student section, then it should be fine in the alumni section. Tons of F bombs and being a dick isn't accepted in the student section

Take a moment today Consider taking a moment to appreciate all you have today and never forget ❤️

[I reread this, from ESPN's Chris Fowler, every April](https://www.espn.com/college-sports/columns/story?columnist=fowler_chris&id=2842707). The part that resonates most with me is, "It's a campus I know well, from many visits through the years. You don't arrive at Virginia Tech accidentally. You have to work to get there, journeying into the Blue Ridge Mountains." I did end up at Virginia Tech in an unexpected way that seemed very much by accident, and I'm so glad and grateful that I did.

🖤

Thank you for posting this.

I will also say, remember the hero’s from today. Professor Liviu Librescu, a Holocaust survivor, sacrificed his own life by barricading a door so that his students could live. He was the true embodiment of Ut Prosim.

Hug your friends. This can happen to any of you. If you all get the chance, go for a run, a walk, or just get outside. Breathe the air for our Hokies that no longer can. Godspeed. 

Ut Prosim.

I read the news of another shooting at a FedEx, wondering what's changed in 14 years

Thank you

Did not expect to see an article from 2007 today...  it’s been a while since I’ve cried like this.

MArch ‘07

Beautiful simply beautiful ❤️🧡

That was a touching read, thank you.

The fact that there are still three buildings on campus with no name (NCB, NHW, and NRHE) and none of them are named for him is criminal.

The rich are richer, the poor are poorer, and we're still arguing about the same shit that we've been arguing about for years.

I found this jacket right after I got accepted. It’s a sign. I’m gonna go commit rn.

[deleted]

Welcome to Hokie Nation!

Poggers

Congratulations on becoming a Hokie

Welcome to a lifetime of buying things simply because they are Orange.

Don't commit. You have so much to live for!!!

Nice dude 👍🏻👌🏻

Hold on they’re already releasing decisions?

I can't believe no one else has mentioned it yet...THAT is not a jacket.

PLEASE at least consider the other options that might be available to you

YES I AM

I don’t think I owned a single piece of orange clothing before I decided to attend VT, now orange makes up a significant portion of my wardrobe.

A lifetime I accept with open arms

hello, can you be my best friend now? Thanks

Rachel? Is that you?

I got in extra early because of Fall Visitation.

Nice try UVA

Definitely worth considering other options if OP has them. But VT is a great choice.

Who’s a good Hokie?

My wife wants a Jeep and I’m trying to convince her to get an orange one

Of course. I only got one more year left at Tech tho.

Wait what about me!?

Hey can we!!!

I don’t know....am I Rachel?😲😲

[deleted]

real

graduated from VT in May but ok

Aww damn. It’s alright. We’ll be best buds in spirit.

YES OFC. WE DEFINITELY CAN

Uhh YES!!!

So basically Virginia Tech Partners with College Programs in HS and they give the students in the college program the option of a super early decision. Since I was part of the college program, I had to register to take part in Fall Visitation, and I had to submit my VT Application before September 20th. Then I had to attend Fall Visitation on October 11 in order to find out my decision.

https://vt.edu/admissions/undergraduate/visit/fall-visitation.html

Basically they get an open house type of event where they get to learn about the university and the major they’re interested in. After the program ends, they’re notified whether they got in or not.

Same :)

But seriously tho, what’s your planned major?

I did that too back in 2011 💀. Everyone was So stressed out those few days until at the last dinner they said everyone in the room has been accepted into Tech. Haha just the night before I cried to my mom in the hotel about not getting in. Congrats and welcome!

congratulations! :)

I got accepted as an Environmental Science  major but i’m trying to switch it to BSE. wbu?

thanks! it was a long 4 years. wish we could've had a real commencement together

You too!!

Yo I’m in the College of Natural Resources (undecided but probably gonna do resources management). I don’t know a ton ab BSE but it seems like a cool major and environmental science classes in general are really awesome here so far. I’ve heard it’s easier to get into the engineering program once you’re actually accepted into tech so you’re probably in a good spot if you wanna do that.

Real commencement... we had a thunderstorm hit right as the speaker began.

Great HOKIES win! GO HOKIES!!!

Really impressive game, especially considering everything that’s happened so far this season

In a one possession game too. Great stuff

Poetic that this is a one-score game win. Absolutely poetic.

Pop-Tarts Bowl dream lives on! Go Hokies!

Undefeated in the ACC, just how we planned

So we fire our coach and win two games in a row… nice

Pry was the problem all along

Amazing game!

Who needs a head coach??

What firing Brent Pry does to a mofo

We're so back

Cheers 🥂🥂🥂🥂🥂 to the HOKIES. Finally a ACC win.

stat of the week:  Pry-er to this game the Hokies were 0-8 in one-score games.

If the HOKIES won the one-score losses in 2024, they would've had a record of 10-1 in the regular season.
(probably good enough to make the playoff)- SO far yet SO close.

GO HOKIES!

It proves to me that:

1. Pry was a problem.
2. Ole Phil might know what he’s doing
3. There’s still some young guns on our team that want to play and win.

Montgomery changing up the roster and letting youngsters and portal boys shine tells me he knows what’s up. I’m not saying we’re going bowling, but I think we snag a couple more surprise wins this season.

Pry could never

We are undefeated in conference play, winning the whole damn thing is still available

Diamond Walnuts or Mayo starring Flava Flav again!

We could do the funniest thing

Let's not forget to blame Fuente...

We got one

His in-game decision making was head and shoulders above Prys

There were a few miscues with false starts and prioritizing time at the end of the first half, but overall it was way better.

I wish we went  for 2 on the touchdown in the second quarter to go up by three, instead of being up by two, it would have made the last few minutes of the fourth quarter a little easier to watch being that  they couldve only tied with a field goal.

But 


GO HOKIES!!!

Only cause for pause I still have is Kyron. He got away with a couple REALLY dumbass throws today. Sure, WR’s dropped some great passes, but there were some boneheaded throws that ended up playing out great for us.

Absolutely! Which the fact that we have 2 wins is better than things looked like 2 weeks ago at 0-3

UVA beat Florida State.  That terrifies me.

I believe!

Hire him so we can Fire Fu!!!!!

I'll blame Fuente for 20 more years

Also the number of dropped balls made me a bit nauseous and we kept giving up chunk plays over the middle. 

Progress over perfection though. One week at a time.

He did but he also made some amazing passes today that impressed me. Idk if the talent is there but he showed heart today, took hits in the pocket and kept plays alive

he is best option at this point.
Pops is s popular fan option but alot of his success may have been team not having game tape on him 
I think Stewart will see lower number here on out cuz their game tape oit there now

Go Hokies,!

Yea, I’m concerned about that game too

Exactly.  It's uphill but at least they're moving.

Burruss Hall trash can: graduation week

I was a bus driver that stopped at Burruss a lot. During grad season, the stairs would get super sticky. Maintenance would power wash them every day.

I’ll drink to that

Looks familiar. Glad to see that they're keeping up with the traditions 25 years after my time.

I think you're gonna need a bigger trashcan 😁Congrats newly minted grads !

Hell yeah

A good week indeed

Congrats grads!

if you didn’t pop a bottle of champagne at Burruss did you even graduate??

7 11 champagne lol

When can u do this on a dry campus. They strict here

That’s actually kinda wholesome, school just accepting it as tradition

Yea I was waiting for the bus and noticed a very potent sweet stench coming from the off-color concrete

Cheers

2020 grads in shambles

Not really that strict, have you seen a gameday? Also Virginia Tech isn’t technically a dry campus, you can drink indoors if you’re 21+ and they serve alcohol at all the sporting events.

Accepting that that's how you get ants

Edit: Drunk ants

Yea but buress be front and center

Yea you’re not wrong, drinking in front of Burruss is 100% illegal but eyes do get rolled at certain activities

Good to know as I want to when I graduate lol

Well what if you pop the champagne but don’t drink it…

Well sir I believe that’s still open carrying alcohol

Welp [this](https://www.roanokecriminalattorney.com/practice-areas/alcohol-crimes/open-container-drinking-in-public/) says it’s only illegal to drink it, I’m not sure about local laws on this though.

Before the dark times: Happy Friday edition

why are people being so mean to you about this lmao I instinctively shouted “I AM” in my head and chuckled

Dark times have already started in EE

[deleted]

Cool

Meme level 1 :(

Nah trust me no one's being mean :) I'm glad you got a good chuckle out of it thats why I really enjoy posting these memes

because unfortunately reddit has become the de facto platform for lazy, witty comments

!

Sheesh at least take me to dinner first

Critic level zero.

No

Believe it or not they're actually my biggest fan

:( real?

Hahahahhahahahahhaa

*2nd biggest*

uwu real

Let's Go Hokies!

Now that’s a meme I haven’t seen in a while

revenge game

That's my Power Forward

Quality memeing right there

Guess he won’t outlaw this time

Its funny because he also lights up marijuana

No school like the old school

Its funny because it wasn’t him who was in the apartment when the cops filed that charge

With all the questions popping up on this sub as we head into the Fall semester, I wanted to share a couple of really useful but relatively unknown links that I think will help a lot of people. [www.google.com](https://www.google.com)

[www.vt.edu](https://www.vt.edu)

This is even more hilarious because [vt.edu](https://vt.edu) is down rn

To search the sub, google: *search term* site:reddit.com/r/virginiatech

Here are some helpful links: 

VT Housing: [https://tinyurl.com/yeq5pyha](https://tinyurl.com/yeq5pyha)

Move In: [https://tinyurl.com/yhuhjj8k](https://tinyurl.com/yhuhjj8k)

Add/Drop Classes [https://tinyurl.com/yecsrrxm](https://tinyurl.com/yecsrrxm)

Gold absolute gold 🤣🤣🤣

[deleted]

I'd throw [ready.vt.edu](https://ready.vt.edu) on there too for all your coronavirus related needs

Don't forget about:

"should I go to VT?"

"what do you guys think about VT?"

No.

Imo Macs are practically useless for anything technical except for possibly CS

[deleted]

Only the M1 macs the intel based Macs are great

man, i was about to jump on you until the end there.  they are fantastic for CS and practically any work in the "tech industry" but then again, we're talking about dev.  

are there just issues with software reqs in the physical engineering fields?

I mean they probably work, but for college you might face a few hurdles like bootcamp and stuff for the older intel macs and possibly stuff that just can't run on M1 Macs, though the only ones I see worth actually buying are M1 because they are actually very similar value to Windows machines and offer MacOS for those that want it.

In the workplace, it's probably a lot easier to use a mac than in college with the weird software we sometimes have to use

I used to own a MacBook Pro 15. It's useless for anywork I have to do as an engineer. And remember, it's just my opinion.

Lol the Intel ones are such ripoffs. The Mac ones are actually good value however, though they don't work for some stuff.

Pretty much. Especially analytical softwares beyond the basic ones.

thankful for professors like this Just sent from one of my professors. Their compassion has gone a long way this semester and I wish more followed their lead:

&#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/tyy6ryj682x51.png?width=1128&format=png&auto=webp&s=a4662e0396e3b0368efb4dc29904f241098dfb9a

Just reading this gives me a sense of peace.

That's really nice, and helpful.  Good prof.

I really needed this. Thank you.

[deleted]

Since when do adults need to be talked to like this? This is the kind of way you speak to a child. Don’t you guys have any dignity? You people make me embarrassed to be a part of this generation

Also I love how he says “medicate”. Because that’s what people do nowadays. They’re emotionally stunted children who don’t know how to deal with any sort of negative emotion. So now they cling to some “mental illness” that they tell themselves they have and take their daily pills. 

Gotta also love the forced fearmongering in regards to the election

Why is the left is so fragile?

Fuck you

?

LMAO

First of all, they said “Meditate” and not “Medicate.” Seems like you’re unfamiliar with the word, and I can tell - you should try it sometime. Clearly you’ve got a lot of pent up anger in you.

This professor just wanted to check in on their students and give tips on self-care. Like it or not, believe it or not, lots of people aren’t doing so hot during this pandemic and it’s nice of anyone to check in on others, adults or not. This was a simple kindness, and you decided to complain and whine about it while insulting everyone you could instead of just scrolling past it. This says a lot more about you than anyone else - as much as you complain about “this generation” being one thing and “you people” being another, in the end you’re the one bitching about a kind gesture.

He said meditate soo

>Gotta also love the forced fearmongering in regards to the election

That's not forced fear mongering. MANY people are incredibly stressed about this. MANY people are scared we'll have a repeat from last time. Or when the pig looses that he'll throw a fit and tell his idiots to go shoot people. Gun sales are higher than they've ever been. Ammunition has been out of stock for months. That's a little scary.

This isn’t “the left”, these are your peers. Have some god damn respect for your fellow Hokies. You and I might be doing alright in our classes, but some of us aren’t, and most of us want to pass our classes. This isn’t even political. This professor just took 3 minutes out of his day to help his students feel better. So how bout you grow the fuck up and try to do the same, maybe let some happiness into your dull, dejected life.

I am so glad my parents raised with me good emotional
stability and a decent moral compass

LMAO my b

STICK IT IN IS BACK BABY

Is this real?..... Have The Dark Years finally come to an end?!?!

Students please watch this and learn that it's so much more than just chanting "STICK IT IN" over and over

This - I donated for the first time due to its revival.

Anybody wanna give me the story? I’m a freshman... what does it mean, where’d it go?

For all the newbies, it’s 6x “Oh” followed by 3x “stick it in”

It’s beautiful

This makes my heart smile.

Someone please tell me when I can get official T-shirts!

A monumental moment in history. As an MV, we knew it was a possibility on Friday before the game but man was it AWESOME that is happened. Hard to hold my tongue, too haha

Now we just need to bring back the "eat chips" line from one of the forgotten MV chants.

Yes. Yes they have. Got an email from hokiesports after game and with subject line that said “stick it in Hokies win”. So fully embracing it

Everyone caught on pretty damn quick on Saturday. In the past the drumline and band hadn’t been allowed to lead it so the students just chanted it. After it got played a couple time this weekend it was like second nature

Most of the guys in my years had no idea it was an actual chant by the band with drum line and all, they just knew the shirts sold downtown and that it used to be chanted by students. 

Thought I’d never see it make a come back :’)

You should tell the AD and hokie club that was your reason.

It went away a decade ago because some alumni complained that the gestures that accompanied it were offensive. The drumline played it any time the Hokies were in the red zone, and everyone did the dance and chant. And it was amazing. I’m so happy to see it back and wish I had witnessed it in person. As an MV for 4 years, I’m thrilled!!

Don't downvote the poor kid! Show him the light, my fellow hokies.

It used to be a chant at VT football games, similar to the "H-O-K-I-E-S HOKIES!" chant after a first down. But then some assholes complained because of the sexual tone and it made them uncomfortable, so it got banned. Google the story and learn from there

Its a double meaning saying.  It was popular in the past.  Some people complained in the past because it is sexual in a secondary meaning, and maybe a bit weird sounding as a chant because of the sexual connotation.  There was a bit of a loud grumbling from some sectors.  It was pulled from the chants started by the band.  And so it died for a bit.

Apparently it gained momentum to bring it back somehow, and the grumblers aren't grumbling loudly enough.

I don't care either way.  I could see why people would feel uncomfortable about it for a variety of reasons.  If enough people don't like it, don't do it.  If very few object, bring it back.

I wish the drum beat was a bit catchier, but it isn't bad.

[deleted]

Would love to hear about how this came about, behind the scenes.

maybe the old fart that complained 10 years ago finally kicked the bucket

I was so shocked to see that!

Those damn alumni! They can be such asses! 😆

Class of '79

Edit: wasn't me.. I love it!

We performed it at Craig County every year. That's where I first saw it my freshman year.

LOL  They had a lot of complaints about it.   I rememeber years ago when I had just graduated and started my first job this old guy at work who went to VMI came in to the office and said: "I don't know what is going on in Blacksburg, I was watching the Hokie game and this little cheerleader was going OHHHH OHHHH STICK IT IN!, OHHHH OHHHH STICKI IT IN!   Most disgusting damn thing I ever saw."  LMAO

You’re right. The stick it ins start on the 7th beat. Editing to fix. Thanks

I don’t know much about it but our assistant band director asked the drum line to play it at rehearsal Friday a couple times. He made it EXPRESSLY clear that if anyone was caught thrusting it would be cut again. It wasn’t a guarantee and no one was allowed to post about it. I think our director was talking with the athletics department head during the game to get permission. That’s all I really know about it, they don’t tell us everything :)

Waking up this morning like

This is an often applicable meme, but I honestly think this is the first time VT has sucked so much in most of our lifetimes. This isn't "again", this is a whole new level of suck.

Did you watch last year?

[deleted]

haha bottom text,,,

The first game I attended as a freshman was Vick's debut against JMU. It's all been downhill since that amazing season, but at least there was always the chance of a good bowl game, a conference title, big wins here and there, and the pride of always being a top 25 school. The fortress of Lane Stadium. And now... All of that is firmly in the past now. I fear it's going to be a long way back.

From a 2006-2012 student....yea we suck... huge....back then we were disappointed we didn't get to the championship....now the new norm will be we're disappointed we didn't get a bowl game.

My freshman year was 1993.  We were 9-3 and the bowl streak started.  Some of my older friends told me about 2-8-1 the year before but I never saw it. Hokies football has been mostly milk and honey for me for 25 years. It’s a tough adjustment.

There was that embarrassing loss to JMU in 2010, but that team didn't *suck* suck.  That was just one of those things.  We were pretty bad in 1998, the year before Michael Vick, when we lost to Temple at home, but we still made it to a bowl game.

I think you have to go back to 1992, before we joined the Big East, when we lost to East Carolina, West Virginia, Louisville, Miami, Rutgers (oh the ignominy), Syracuse, Southern Mississippi, and UVA before you find a comparable level of suck.  That was Frank Beamer's fifth season.

Sadly yes

I disagree. I don’t want a new coach every few years just because the team isn’t the same caliber as a coach that has been there for three decades. Tennessee had sooo many coaches between 2005 and now. Getting a new coach didn’t make them suck less. 

Fuentes wants to be a Hokie. I support him.

I still maintain that if we didn’t get fucked by the refs in the Boise game in 2010 we roll to a championship that year.

The team has the same, if not better, caliber recruits as the Beamer era.  The difference is the coaching staff. The team reflects the way the coaches prepare them for the game and this team was woefully unprepared. The offensive scheme is terrible. You can see the terrible jet sweeps and 3-yard passes coming from a mile away and it doesn't take a defensive genius to easily shut our offense down. Cornelson should have been replaced a long time ago, but Fuente won't do what needs to be done. 

The sad thing is that when we hired Fuente he was supposed to be an offensive genius.  He was given a team that had enjoyed success for 20 years, had an amazing fan base, and he kept Bud Foster, arguably the best defensive coordinator in the country.  This job was handed over on a silver platter.  

If anything, he took that and regressed it into what we have now.  At the end of last season, players were actually trying to lose games.  Think about that for a minute.

I'm tired of Fuente and tired of people that want this crap to continue.

Nah man, unless things turn around he need to go this year.

He can give you 27 million reasons why he wants to be a hokie.   That 27m is the total value of his contract

oh hell yea I agree. I remember the year we lost to #2 boston college. I think that year (one of those years we ended up #3 which was the highest ranked I've seen the hokies post 2006). Clemson and FSU were average teams. Then they go and make a program and compete in the top 5. Why can't we do that? Why has it been a struggle for 20 years?

When you let in more students than you have rooms for

[deleted]

The fact that Lee Hall canabalized their lounges for housing is one of the main reasons I'm not coming back for on campus housing.

[deleted]

Put it on Virginia Tech Memes for Chicken Parm Teens

All schools do this, they basically accept more students than they can hold expecting x to not come at all. Pretty often more than they can hold accept and come. So then you just have to wait for people to drop out

In 2007 when I was a freshman they ran out of rooms as well. They offered avoidance of on campus living and you could live off campus as a freshman. Even if you don't like living on campus, I would suggest you do it at least your freshman year. Part of the experience.

Wait, are they out of housing? Are you fucking kidding me?

I was in a lounge my freshman year in Slusher Wing... Absolutely awful.

Is that what dorm  lounges look like now a days?

Wait, Pritchard went coed?!? When?

The best part is that this is actually the lobby of New Cadet Hall, not even a study lounge.

Sucks for those people who now share a lounge as a room without a sink in it. Lee hall was spartan but fun when I was there, but that sounds way too crowded. How can you make drunken furniture forts in the lounges if people live there?!

I was told by the Slusher Admin that I had absolutely no reason to want a lounge in my dorm because I had Newman library riiiight over there (only about a half mile walk you know? Like riiight there). 

He also said that I had no reason to be mad our showers were shut off more often than not for a month with continued delays because they were doing the best they could! Fucking asshole, VT H&RL admin can suck my fat fucking hokie  bird.

Yep, not new. I had to share with an RA for the first part of the year in 03-04 until a room opened up.

Done

Except Sands wants to double the size of the school, so the freshman class is going to keep increasing. This was no accident.

They are always out of housing.

Thats one of the corps dorm entrances. You walk into the building and thats what you see

Not in other buildings, it's one of the Corps' lobbies. [This is what the cadet study lounge looks like.] (https://www.facilities.vt.edu/content/dam/facilities_vt_edu/planning-and-construction/projects/pearson-hall/Pearson%20Hall%20Complete%206.jpg.transform/xl-medium/image.jpg)

[deleted]

At least in 2012 it was co-ed, they just made certain hallways for girls and certain hallways for guys

[removed]

It just meant using the hall bathroom for everything when I was there. It was a number of years back, just as a short-term overflow for a semester until some actual rooms got open spaces, but it was kinda fun with three people in there. Only real problem was there weren't any fire alarm sounders in the lounge so I slept through all but one alarm. Was kinda scary finding that out.

I'm saying it's not an accident it's absolutely on purpose. But you're naive if you think no other schools do it. Its general practice and it happens literally everywhere. The freshman class is increasing, as is the school

What do they do with the freshman that didn't get to choose a dorm?

That is great! Do the corps dorms have kitchens now too? That was my biggest issue for 4 years.

At least one thing hasn't changed, then.

It’s been coed since 2009

It changed from all male in 2008 to coed in 2009

It was coed in 2011 when I was there, pretty sure it had been for a couple years before.

Total dudefest when I was there, 01-02

Lmao, he walked into my room freshman year once, without knocking, and fuckin' woke me up.  Let me tell you, it's fucking terrifying waking up to his face.

There’s a difference between doing what you said in your comment, and actively increasing the freshman population by 1000 from the previous year and he’s planning on increasing more and more. It’s a shady jerkoff move to do when there isn’t enough dorm space.

Throw them into the worst dorms that are left on campus

Yep! One in each building. They are large kitchens combined with additional lounge space. Love throwing down steaks every now and then.

na, i was there in 09 and it was still all men i believe.

Don’t want to brag here but I’ll have you know I took total advantage of it and talked to zero girls while I was there

How do you get more students at a school? Accept more. I mean I'm sorry but I dont think it's a big deal my high school math teacher shared a space with 7 other guys in a common area at Penn state in the 70s. He had the time of his life and keeps in touch with most of the guys. I lived with an RA my freshman year for the first few months and it didnt ruin my experience. I imagine they're gearing up for more students and they're probably not doing any construction on dorms so for the first time in a while all of the dorms are open and capable of accepting students.

Besides youre ignoring the initial point. It's tough to know how many kids that you accept will actually come. Some might go to uva, some to Harvard for lord knows what reason. Regardless it happens. Maybe they had a ton of really good applicants this year and didnt want to reject them. Maybe they expected more students than normal to say no for whatever reason, unless you're actually looking at the applicants dont give sands shit for this

Wouldn't those already be filled if the problem was no more rooms? And what dorms would they be?

Those kitchens are super nice comparatively to other campus facilities, the corps dorms in general are just superb imo.

I was there in 09 and there were definitely girls

[Here's](http://www.collegiatetimes.com/news/the-end-of-an-era-pritchard-goes-coed/article_a6f71057-05a8-5e2a-908e-edd41d2bd18c.html) a CT article from 2009 that I found.

>Besides youre ignoring the initial point. It's tough to know how many kids that you accept will actually come. Some might go to uva, some to Harvard for lord knows what reason. Regardless it happens. Maybe they had a ton of really good applicants this year and didnt want to reject them. Maybe they expected more students than normal to say no for whatever reason, unless you're actually looking at the applicants dont give sands shit for this

At least someone understands how this works. There are people in the Admissions office who would be living on a tropical beach and spending their lottery winnings instead of hanging out in Blacksburg -- if their psychic connection was working and they could pick those winning MegaBlast numbers. But they don't have that psychic power to see the future and must make their best guess (based on past experience) as to how many people will show up for the first day of Fall Semester. While housing contracts and other indicators throughout the Spring Semester can provide a ballpark figure of future enrollment, how many freshmen to get an offer of admission is still a rough estimate. If too many of those expected to reject the offer change their minds, there isn't anything that can be done but find them a place to live. Even with the replacement residence hall for Slusher (and the eventual replacement of Slusher), there will always be this problem. Virginia Tech isn't alone in dealing with it and it is a fact of life in higher education. To blame Dr. Sands or any other administrator for doing it on purpose is ridiculous.

What are you talking about. They’re building 1,500 dorms lol. We just had the biggest freshman class in history, and Sands said its going to get better because he wants to hit 30,000 undergrads while we currently have around 26k. It’s 100% their fault if they are knowingly accepting more students than they know they can handle. THEY WANTED THIS TO HAPPEN, and its going to keep happening. Idk why you’re bringing up stuff that i’m not talking about. I’m talking kids being placed offcampus. Not in lounges. Not in rooms with RAs, because thats still on campus and in the dorms. Try making friends when you’re surrounded by upperclassmen and have only two other people in the apartment living with you.

Miles, Barringer are generally considered two of the worst. My better half's old dorm room in Miles sloped so he had to tape his desk to keep the drawers closed.

Some freshmen are living in apartments paid by Tech. I would be absolutely livid if I missed out on the freshman dorm experience because my school let in too many people.

guess I'm remembering it wrong. almost 10 years ago. I know 07 it was men when i lived in Lee.

1500 dorms? Im talking about working on renovating already finished dorms. When I was there some of those projects took longer than anticipated. First off I agree living in an apartment your freshman year is shitty. I didnt go through and read the entire thread my apologies. you're still not acknowledging how the hell you nail the number you want when kids apply to multiple schools? It's not like every student that is accepted to tech comes. That is my point, sure they're accepting more but that doesnt neccesarily mean that all 1000 accepted are coming. Second, in this day and age sands has a vision I'm sure of turning us into a larger and more prosperous university with a larger student base hes probably expecting some growing pains now for later.

Panorama of Virginia Tech's campus in 1913

Scanned this panorama today from my collection. The photograph was included in the Bulletin of the Virginia Polytechnic Institute (the Catalog) from April 1913 that I own.

[in color](https://i.imgur.com/fTJJyD4.jpg)

I believe that little white looking building just right of center is the old liberal arts building which was rumored to be haunted and is the first building made of hokie stone on campus.

https://preview.redd.it/a7xjgvlcc3le1.jpeg?width=1920&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=6ae5ef97e22fa8cab4fd48c667b357999fbdbecd

Thanks for sharing. Thought you would like to view the 1930 campus map with key, [https://gatheringblacksburghistory.org/maps/](https://gatheringblacksburghistory.org/maps/)

Finally, the Virginia Tech I remember.

Lane stadium would be right there center focus

Drill field on the left?

This is so cool, thanks for doing this!

Oh what’s the story? I’m always into VT haunted history.

Opps… Ag Experiment Station, not Ag Extension Station.

lol you must be 130 then

Part of it, different orientation, this looks to be taken from where Newman Library/Torg Bridge is today facing upper quad and out into the academic quad

Drill field on the left. Price Hall there just above the drill field was built in 1907.

I don't know if there are details or not to it. They used to keep cinema stuff in there and had some offices for some theatre/cinema professors so I had a class in the cellar and was in there a bit. I never noticed anything weird but my professor did say it was quite noisy at night.

The lyric theater is also supposedly haunted, several people told me that and swore up and down that they would hear footsteps coming up to doors and knocks, etc. when no one was there. 

Theatre kids are a bit eccentric but everyone who told me about lyric seemed dead serious and was apparently first hand, but I was only ever there during screenings. If you search online you'll find several people over the years talking about those.

I was just doing some light googling and apparently Henderson is haunted too, which I spent a lot of time in. I hadn't heard that before but VT and the surrounding area is fairly old with interesting macabre history.

Wizard cat wants only the best for you

Thanks wizard cat! I am no longer stressed or worried in any way

thank you wizard cat

Thank you wizard cat. Even though I may still fail thank you for positivity :')

Wizard cat is a fucking lying piece of shit 

Fuck you wizard cat

[deleted]

No promises

WE'RE GOING TO THE SWEET 16!!!

GET IN HERE BOYS!!!!

I cant wait to be "sick" Friday and ride up for the game!!

This team has been so fun to watch this season! Go Hokies!!

COMING BACK TO THE EAST THE RIGHT WAY!

Someone make a gif of hypeman Bede on the bench

I’m going to the game! So hype !

We finished last in the ACC in Buzz's first year.  Ahmed Hill is our only player on that roster.  Crazy what emotions him, Buzz, and the rest of the staff must have.  What an accomplishment

Ok this is a dumb question and definitely the wrong thread for it, but why isn’t Blackshear being considered an NBA prospect? I feel like he’s always playing spectacular and he’s just not on any of the mock drafts even in the later rounds. Why is that?

Does anyone know what time the game will be at on friday

Go Hokies! Keep kicking ass!

Round 2!!!

With Houston and UVA win-
14 of the 16 top 4 seeds advance

 #ALMOSTCHALK

GO HOKIES!

Let's GO!!!!

The closest seismograph to the arena in DC is about the same distance as the one near the VT airport is to Cassell Coliseum.  Let's see if Hokie fans can register on that one too.  


[https://twitter.com/rtphokie/status/1109996775472091136](https://twitter.com/rtphokie/status/1109996775472091136)

WE ARE THE CHAMPIONS OF THE WORLD

If i could afford the tickets I’d definitely be going

I was thinking the same thing, I would do it but idk how

It's in his Instagram stories if someone knows how... I don't.

I can't figure it out either, definitely thought he'd start getting some buzz since conference play but it hasn't happened yet

It doesn’t bother me right now because it means he’ll come back for his senior year next year.

[removed]

9:39 ET

I think noon, not positive tho

Hokies!

I just dropped my entire tax return on tickets for me, my girlfriend, and my dad. No regrets, even if we lose.

I may end up watching from a bar or something if I cant scalp some cheap

He's 6 foot 10 tho?

source?

Yeah, but the NBA has largely phased out the low post PF and the list of players who are 6'10" and play Center at least somewhat in the current NBA is pretty unimpressive outside of Anthony Davis.  One thing those players do have in common is a long wingspan (unknown if Blackshear does) and good rim protection despite their size (Blackshear's college block numbers are worse than nearly every other player on the list).

https://twitter.com/AndyBitterVT/status/1109999565535694848

They briefly showed it on the TNT halftime report

It’s fnckin cold

It’s .7 miles from The Cage to my dorm, we’ve got no gloves and bags of groceries, we’re out of cigarettes, it’s dark out, and we’re wearing sunglasses. Hit it.

Just M O N I K A things.

Ah, doki doki meme at Virginia tech, I’m so proud of this school

I’ve done it when it’s been -5F sometimes when I was a student. Windchill is brutal and doesn’t go away between buildings.

*Fortunate Son plays*

And if anyone asks, we're on a mission from God.

Just monika

Just  M  O  N  I  K  A

***SOME FOLKS ARE BORN***

MAAAADE to wave the flag!

OOOOHHHH THAT RED WHITE AND BLUUUE

Smithfield Road after today’s rainfall!

So I see that flash flood warning was definetly warranted

[deleted]

Yeah umm this is now a river not a road

Also took: https://imgur.com/a/8QFd9Ni

Ah. Perhaps that’s why the road was closed

Damn that sign at the end of the road wasn’t kidding! This place does flood! And I ride my bike through there on nice days.

This has long been a known issue and isn't a big deal. When the commuter lot was being paved years ago, the university tried to save some money and requested that it be exempt from building the storm water retention pond, since runoff was going on down to university property and wouldn't have a big impact. That request was denied, which is why there is the pond at West Campus and Duck Pond by the Inn.

Yikes

Oof

Yikes

Um, where are you standing?

Did War and Donaldson Brown get flooded?

[This](https://imgur.com/aVEiVWt)  is what it looked like.

Guys, is this the new river? And the old new river is now the new old river?

Lol why’s your imgur telling me I need to be 18+ because there might be erotic content?

Damn that is wild.

Maybe, idk?

I'd always thought that sign was an overreaction, never realized it could flood that much

>by the Inn.

Ahckshually, it's by Holtzman Alumni Center \*pushes glasses up on nose\*

I walked through it (yes I know it was stupid)

Nope

It’s because these road are sooo wet 😏

Same, but I had a feeling it was probably possible in a serious scenario. Apparently it only takes one evening of heavy rain.

^ facts

This road floods every time there is heavy rain. I can't count the number of times I've heard it's closed due to flooding in my years.

>Civil Engineering

Ladies, he's a professional

I’m tired of the fetishization of ENGR majors The females on this campus are out of control. The first time I ate lunch wearing my Virginia Tech Engineering shirt I had literally 3 different women try to sit down and court me, like I would know how to talk to a girl. I quickly demonstrated superior knowledge of each of their niche interests, which apparently eliminates me from the dating pool (why shame me for being smart?).

Anyway, that got them to leave but the problem has persisted in the past 2 months and I am so fed up with everybody wanting to get with me. I've taken to moving all the other chairs at tables I sit at to other tables, but yesterday a small asian woman literally pulled up a chair and began ranting about the last weekly CS 2064 programming "project". Girl, I don't struggle with projects that are just homeworks. I'm an ENGR major, not CS. After making it markedly clear that I did NOT in fact want to copulate on the couch in the Johnston Student Center 2nd floor study area, she finally left me alone, but I wish these girls would stop worshipping me just because I am enrolled in the hardest program on campus (which was not difficult for me to get into, by the way).

The worst are when students from non-technical majors talk to me. We'll be having a nice, platonic conversation, when they inevitably ask the fateful question: "What's your major?" As soon as I say those magnificent letters, I see their whole demeanor change. The doe eyes, the flushed cheeks, the jiggling cleavage. What makes a business major think they have a chance with me. ENGR and something practically Liberal Arts are on whole different planes of existence. I'm not about to impregnate somebody that does drop shipping for "work."

You may think I'm just remarkably handsome, which I am, but my attractive acquaintances in Construction Management (they're not smart enough to be friends, but their childlike innocence is sometimes enviable), have literally no problems with this incessant harassment and courting from female creatures. Females see me as an object and a genius, when really I'm so much more: I'm top 100 in War Thunder. My engineering shirt shouldn't reduce me to a bag of meat; if you want my heart, you have to grind with me, raid with me, join my clan, and most of all, watch Star Wars with me, and understand it -- no fake fans that shout "Luke - I am your father!" like its some kind of joke, when it's really the climax of the most tragic moment in Star Wars: Episode V – The Empire Strikes Back. Not that I cried.

If you want somebody for cheap sex, the business majors are right there (I don't blame you for avoiding non-war profiting business types though). Stop fetishizing my kind for something out of our control. I didn't want to be born a super genius. Hell, sometimes I wish I was a business major, moving through the world in ignorant bliss. But I have a responsibility now to save the world and create the next nuclear powered, hypersonic airplane spaceship. Seductively walking through engineering expo isn't going to make me want to get with you. Come back in a Mandalorian costume, solve the three body problem, or solve a problem without assuming incompressible, subsonic, laminar, steady, constant everything, and then we'll talk.

We all know you’re an ENGL major with a minor in gaming alone in your room until 4am

Women describing the men at VT: "The odds are good but the goods are odd"

Hold up. I smell LIES. Girls don't approach engineering majors, this post is fake.

Clearly your coursework leaves ample time for an expansive fantasy life, if not for the development of a non-toxic personality.

I read the first two words of this post and immediately knew it would be the most cringe shit ever on this sub.

Weird copypasta bro.

[https://www.google.com/search?hl=en&q=%22The%20females%20on%20this%20campus%20are%20out%20of%20control.%20The%20first%20time%20I%20ate%22](https://www.google.com/search?hl=en&q=%22The%20females%20on%20this%20campus%20are%20out%20of%20control.%20The%20first%20time%20I%20ate%22)

*slow clap*

Fresh Pasta!!

“The females.”

"Sir, another copypasta has hit the VT subreddit"

The most unrealistic thing about this post is thinking business majors are cheap

Get a load of this guy, giving off mechanical engineering vibes. ChemE are the true chads, obv

Quality

😂🤣
Duude! I appreciate you comedic genius! So good.

people in the comments aren’t ENGR majors and are not smart enough to detect satire

Something that I've noticed is that if you wear a rainbow armband or put a rainbow patch on your backpack you don't get harassed by women as often. Instead you just get a lot of really muscular guys who come up to you to give you advice about your workout routine and invite you over for "stretching sessions", whatever that means.

Somebody PLEASE make a shitpost for other majors. This is golden 😂

new copypasta just dropped

Last time I talked to an engineer. He was a idiot and I honestly didn’t know how he got into tech

Wait, what's the problem?

Love it

I read the first sentence and knew you were trolling

Shut up bitch

stop objectifying women

[deleted]

Id never hire you.  Not in a second.  Not if i cared  about the company i work for and the people i represent.  In fact, id suggest you transfer to uva engineering bc thats where your attitude belongs.  Hokies dont get that fing stuck on themselves and i bet your parents are even worse.

Ehhh wasn’t like that when I went there….it was the opposite…consider yourself lucky. Us Engineering nerds had to put in extra time to go out to parties and such to meet the cute girls.they didn’t just fall in your lap.

The copy pasta is real, believe me, even if this was "true" 10/10 didn't happen 😂😂😂

Thank God I'm a CMDA major. Can't let people stop my grind. You have my appreciation for a good laugh.

Virginia tech college of engineering tries a weird new recruitment strategy by posting a comment that reads like an old “axe body spray” commercial.

why are you posting this on all university subreddits

I don’t understand. Those engineering monkeys are nasty as shit. They don’t even know how to flush the toilet.How could they talk with the girls?

More please 😂

Yeah, and Engineering major could never write this much.

This comment wins

Seriously.  Tech didn't have many of those when I went.

Na bro, it's definitely satire😅

At college one is taught to supply references and to write in a passive voice.

They work in the real world too, I've worked with some very stupid engineers

It's called satire.

It's a joke

Daayuuum bro... okay.

Are you dense lol

Dawg this is obviously a joke lmao

CS Major detected

Maybe it’s an ENGL major depicting the hubris of many an ENGR major.

When i read the first paragraph, i was thinking "damn, where were these women when i was an engineering major?" But y'all are probably right. Most likely didn't happen

Girls?

"Country Roads" is about western, or west Virginia, not West Virginia. Suck it, WVU.

I WILL DIE ON THIS HILL

As a western Virginian (Staunton), I wholeheartedly agree

It's actually about Clopper Road in MD though.

Fuck WVU though. I visited friends there as a junior and my roommate got called the N word by 2 different frats as we walked by.

[Can't we all just git along!?](https://pictures.abebooks.com/inventory/30742435495.jpg)

Gonna be a rough day.

this. This. THIS.

* The song mentions **Blue Ridge Mountains** and **Shenandoah River**.
   * Both exist in West Virginia and Virginia, but contextually, John Denver co-wrote the song inspired by **his visit to WV**.
* Later lyrics reference “almost heaven,” which refers to **West Virginia’s nickname**.
* John Denver, Bill Danoff, and Taffy Nivert wrote it after **driving to WV to visit family of Bill Danoff**.
* Danoff’s family was from **Elkins, WV**, and he specifically talked about the mountains and landscape there.
* So the song’s images of mountains, rivers, and small towns are **directly tied to West Virginia**.
* “Almost heaven” is a phrase famously associated with **West Virginia**, not any other part of Virginia.

Co-writer fully dispels this theory, for the record. It's about West Virginia. https://www.nbcwashington.com/news/local/co-writer-of-take-me-home-country-roads-dispels-myths-surrounding-songs-origins/2525010/

I guess Virginia can have the song since they can’t seem to win any games

It's clearly about West Virginia the state even if it's geographically shaky.

This part of the article in particular backs it up: "Denver sang it at West Virginia University’s football stadium inauguration in 1980."

Still won't help the Mountaineers beat the Hokies.

To me it is letter of the law vs spirit of the law. 

Letter of the law- western virginia. But spirit of the law- sorry- it is West Virginia. Let them have this.

Virginia has an ocean (blue water) the song strictly states “stranger to blue water” therefore VA/MD is disqualified

Surprised Tech hasn’t tried to claim it since they steal everything else from WVU

[removed]

Hard agree. The Shenandoah barely dips into WV before it pieces out because it wants nothing to do with the place.

Yup, just keep kicking that old dead horse, because you're wrong. The lyrics include "West Virginia", note the capital letters.

The Shenandoah river barely even fucking passes through West Virginia.

[deleted]

*mountain

Waynesboro here, damn right

[deleted]

No, the first draft of the song occurred while the co-writer was driving along Clopper Road, it's not about the road at all.

Love my brothers to the east but this is just blasphemy in the comments

It's definitely about West Virginia

But John Denver didn’t write the song. The lyrics for "Country Roads" was written by Bill Danoff and Taffy Nivert, who stated it is about western Virginia.

you're ut prosiming too hard

The Shenandoah watershed ends at West Virginia, the river only passes through a smidge of West Virginia barely within the boarders of the state, the valley and Shenandoah park are in Virginia. Driving "country roads" along the Shenandoah happens in Virginia.

Either John Denver was a dumbass, or he took artistic liberties with the phrase "west Virginia". 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shenandoah_River#/media/File%3AShenandoah_River_map.png

Not to mention the Blue Ridge mountains.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blue_Ridge_Mountains#/media/File%3AAppalachian_map.svg

Lastly, Virginia has 40% more country roads (local/connector; 48,300 miles) than WV has roads (all roads; 34,400 miles).

They'll have nothing and like it!

Rationally I agree with you but on the other hand fuck em

You couldn’t be more right

Western Virginia doesn't have an ocean.

This is my take also. Still, suck it, WVU stands.

Oh don't let the geography nerds who pulled up the location of the shenandoah river see this

Nobody asked for your opinion

It looks like you shared an AMP link. These should load faster, but AMP is controversial because of [concerns over privacy and the Open Web](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmputatorBot/comments/ehrq3z/why_did_i_build_amputatorbot).

Maybe check out **the canonical page** instead: **[https://wvpublic.org/did-west-virginia-inspire-country-roads-50-years-later-heres-what-we-know/](https://wvpublic.org/did-west-virginia-inspire-country-roads-50-years-later-heres-what-we-know/)**

*****

 ^(I'm a bot | )[^(Why & About)](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmputatorBot/comments/ehrq3z/why_did_i_build_amputatorbot)^( | )[^(Summon: u/AmputatorBot)](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmputatorBot/comments/cchly3/you_can_now_summon_amputatorbot/)

https://wvpublic.org/did-west-virginia-inspire-country-roads-50-years-later-heres-what-we-know/

YOU EVER HEARD OF A MOUNTAINBILLY SON?

Learn to drive first

If I were governor of MD I’d make every licensed driver in the state take a mandatory driver improvement course yearly or they couldn’t leave the state. Imagine a world without MD drivers. There’d be universal peace amongst all people.

Go back to your clown car of a state

Fuck Maryland

Listen buddy you had your W on Thursday. You leave me my tales of Clopper Road, and you get out!

No, it's definitley about West Virginia.

You're just making shit up. Bill Danoff literally talked about how the original lyrics had more stuff about West Virginia that were later changed. It's about West Virginia. Period. https://www.nbcwashington.com/news/local/co-writer-of-take-me-home-country-roads-dispels-myths-surrounding-songs-origins/2525010/

"That John Denver's full of shit man." -Dumber

> he took artistic liberties with the phrase "west Virginia".

They were looking for something with the right number of syllables for the meter of the song is what I've heard. 

But yes, it is about western Virginia :)

Blue Ridge pass briefly through the eastern panhandle of WV. 

Source: I’m WVian but hate WVU.

Yeah, John Denver was a dumbass. It’s just a song.

Ask any random person on the street and they will say it is about West Virginia. 

Letter vs. spirit.

Ask any random person what the song is about and they will say "West Virginia" 

But no these nerds wanna pull out maps and *well actually* everyone.

In case any of the people who helped me out a few days ago wanted to know my decision...Go Hokies!

The option on the right is a lemon, good choice

Yay! I’m an orientation leader maybe I’ll see ya over the summer :)

Awesome. I can't wait to introduce you to the Sola boys!

*Sola-rex, Sola-rah*

VT does what Purdon't.

Idk what this is referencing, but if it means you are now a Hokie...then welcome and congrats!

I love top gear. I love VT. I LOVE THIS MEME.

Hell yeah! Congratulations and welcome to the hokie family!

Gobble gobble my dude, good choice on college. Hope to see you on campus this fall!

Congrats!

What made you pick VT over Purdue?? I’m also trying to make the same decision.

I actually was choosing between Purdue and VT also and ended up choosing VT too!!!!

Time for a rail!

I made that same decision! Congrats on getting it right!

Made the exact same decision last year. Probably would have gone Purdue though if VT wasn't in state.

Yeah how do you fuck up automatic transmissions in modern day.

[deleted]

Whats a Hokie???!!

I asked what some of the best and worst things about Virginia Tech were last week in this sub. I had a bunch of people answer, so I figured they would want to know the decision

I assure you, OP, that the inexcusable ignorance of this comment is not representative of the education you will receive at VT.

Yeah, as soon as I figured out which I was going to, I figured I needed a meme to get the point across, and this one was EXACTLY what I was looking for

Thank you!

A few things. VT had character and a sense of community. Everybody at VT seemed generally happy to be there, which is something I picked up on early in my visit. Being happy where you are is going to be important for college because, let’s be real, nobody wants to hate where they go to school. Now that’s not to say that people aren’t happy at Purdue, but they certainly didn’t show it.
VT also had a natural feel, which interested me because I’m into hiking and camping. That being said, even if you aren’t into nature, VT’s campus is still a lot nicer than Purdue’s, and it’s not flat. 
Also, I loved the fact that you could get into undergrad research really quickly and that they were encouraging becoming involved in clubs because, like I said, it’s a community. I felt that there was more opportunity and chance to grow at VT than Purdue.

Also, this: https://youtu.be/DkwedgEH3gs 

Also, food there is good, according to many people.

Overall, I just found Virginia Tech better than Purdue. They’re both great schools, but I believe that VT offers more opportunity and a generally friendly atmosphere that Purdue didn’t have. I wish you luck in your decision because, believe me, it’s not easy choosing between them.

Purdue sounds and looks miserable, and I don't even go to tech

It’s really interesting to see how many people had I had to make the same decision as. VT seems to be the overwhelming favorite, but I’ve also only been talking in this sub

Thank you!

P sure that ones required by law

Hokie Hokie Hokie Hy
Tech Tech V.P.I!
Solah-Rex, Solah-Rah
Polytech Vir-gin-ia
Ray Rah V.P.I.
Team! Team! Team!

^^^we ^^^are!

Congrats again. You have a very exciting time of your life ahead of you. Enjoy it to the fullest.

D: 

Oh no, what did i miss?? I assume he asked about Purdue vs VT engineering, but i dont know for sure.

What kind of undergraduate research are you looking to get into?

It has a runway and a flight program though...I feel like that’d be pretty fun

Thank you!

17 years of Top Gear UK and The Grand Tour haha. An amazing show that you can enjoy even if you aren't big into cars. Worth checking out.

Anything Robotics. I haven’t had too much time to find exactly what research I want to do, but definitely something Robotics

Yea if u want to learn how to fly then go ahead. But if you want to have a good time go to tech

Virginia tech has a runway...

Oh i meant more what OP was referncing in terms of the VT stuff. I know Top Gear.

Well that sounds fun. I have a potential project in robotics I've been trying to drum up interest in. If you're interested in starting research in the fall, dm me and I can give you more info

Is it free to use?

I didn't think you had to pay to use an airport. But I dont know a lot about it. My dad's friend keeps his plane at the VT airport. So I'm sure there's some hanger cost there. They're also extending it so larger private planes can land.

Man I love I 81

Truckers act like nascar on 81 as well.  Take care

Those Elephant races can get intense when the one on the right decides to also go 50.1, or even 50.2.

I commuted for a year to a co-op in Roanoke. So aggravating.

*Eye twitches*

I come from upstate NY, and my drive to tech is an 8 hour and 57 minute drive made into a 10 and a half hour drive entirely on 81... it was quite the experience.

And then they don’t just pass the one slow vehicle! They decide to go for miles trying to pass every car along the way, despite the fact that they’re slower than every vehicle in the right lane.

Time for VSP to actually enforce the “keep right except for passing” law. Every other state that 81 goes through does not have this issue with trucks staying in the left lane for miles at a time.

Haha so true every trip!

These are the ones (through heavy lobbying by highly paid lobbying organizations) who resisted the plans in this year's General Assembly to add tolls to I-81 or increase the wholesale gas tax to fund improvements to the interstate. Adding a third lane would solve most problems like this.

81 from Bristol to VT is actually pretty good. 81 from VT northward is when it starts to suck bad.

I used to call these Idiot Traps, where some idiot in the left lane has stacked up so many cars it looks like there's legitimate traffic until you realize that it's just a bunch of people trapped behind the one idiot and slowly trying to get around them.

That’s when you hit them with the ole razzle dazzle on-ramp pass.

Is this the next Final Destination movie?

Amen brother

Average length of a semi is 50ft ~ 0.01 mile. Speed difference 0.1 mile/hour. Time taken to cross 0.01/0.1 = 0.1 hr ~ 6 min.

Then you hit a hill and guy on left loses steam.

It's not even just the trucks. I swear everyone just acts like an ass

This is one thing I do not miss.

Haha, as much as I miss Blacksburg, the one thing I don't miss is the 7 hours I would spend on 78 and 81 dealing with this

I-81 near Roanoke sucks. One time when going to see my family in NJ, we sat in traffic in Roanoke for like an hour and a half. Then the gas stations were crowded as hell for the next 20 miles

Just remember....our economy would absolutely collapse without truck drivers.

Especially through Wytheville

[deleted]

Just follow the one that wasn’t on Final Destination.

9hours?!? Show me your secret! I’m from upstate and mine is 11 on a good day

[deleted]

This. I am in favor of tolls if (maybe not during my time at VT) it goes toward a damned 3rd lane for I-81.

If the section of I-81 S between exit 128 and exit 118 is any indication, then having a 3rd lane won't help much because no one keeps right except to pass.  They're scattered across all 3 lanes and, in some cases line up perfectly to prevent anyone from passing.

You are a truck apologist

I got the same thing when I was with an uber guy. Maybe we got the same guy.

The truckers are generally the smartest ones on 81 — many times they pass each other and ease congestion by pacing cars. Only a couple times, especially late, I’ve seen 18-wheelers going 90-100 mph and it is fucking terrifying

Well 9 hours with perfect no traffic and no stops. The key is leaving at like 7pm and driving through the morning, avoids a lot.

The law really isn’t an issue for people like you, who actually go a correct speed. The issue is when trucks, which average a speed of about 60mph in a 70 zone, stay in the left lane. It’s ridiculous for them to do this and slow every car down.

Just change lanes a lot. It's what I do. And leaves room for the dude who wants to go 83 mph. 

81 is the worst for this though. And left lane sitters are a scourge upon the interstate highway system.

> My issue with that law is that it's much easier for me to just stay in the left lane while I go 79.99mph, rather than keep switching lanes every minute to pass people going 65.

Maybe you should get better at changing lanes.

> I am in favor of tolls if (maybe not during my time at VT)

I like how upfront you are in saying you are in favor of something when it personally is fine and not when it would personally inconvenience you more than the benefits.

I didn’t mean that as a jab. I think it’s good to understand the perspectives of others.

As for the tolls, I think from Bristol to VT is just fine. Nothing needs to change there. After VT, though, 81 seems like an entirely different interstate.

> I am in favor of tolls

Tolls have a 22% cost overhead.  The gas tax has a 1% cost overhead.  If you want to pay 22% more for the same thing, then be my guest.  I would rather just raise the gas tax instead.

I mean granted by best friend is a truck driver so I get to see things from their perspective. And all the downvotes kind of make y’all seem like entitled college kids who don’t value truckers 🤷🏻‍♂️🤷🏻‍♂️

Huh that makes a lot of sense. By upstate you mean like near Albany right?

[deleted]

Letting some guy going well over the speed limit dictate how you drive is not great in some situations. If the cars in the right lane are going much slower than I am and there isn’t much space, I’m not going to switch lanes and brake just to let him pass. That creates an unnecessary, potentially dangerous situation. Maybe that guy should consider slowing down and not riding my ass.

If there’s a bunch of space on the right side, then sure.

That is a bigger hit on the locals however which is the main complaint. It doesn't touch the truckers who are causing the issues

I feel like the real person with the entitlement issue is the one trying to pass going 0.1 mph faster

I'm right there with you. I was just making a joke. Trucks are what America's freight system runs on, or rather they're the capillaries when the trains are the arteries. If you complain about trucks on the way to college, you should have left sooner.

Syracuse. I'm directly on 81. You gotta take the thruway or something else to get down. I'd imagine going through NJ is horrid.

That’s the way it gets enforced most of the time, yes. ‘Don’t be a slow poke in the left lane and slow everyone down’.

> Letting some guy going well over the speed limit dictate how you drive is not great in some situations. If the cars in the right lane are going much slower than I am and there isn’t much space, I’m not going to switch lanes and brake just to let him pass.

So using your brakes or accelerator to adjust your speed is too difficult for you, right?

If the gas tax is increased statewide, then it won't be much of a hit.  Virginia has the lowest gas tax in the region, so raising it by 5¢ won't cost an individual that much more.  For a 20 gallon tank, it adds up to one more dollar.  If you refuel 25 times a year, then it's $25 more per year.

Lmao way to generalize the situation. I was talking about a specific scenario. I said I’m not gonna squeeze into a tight space just to let some asshole going nearly 15 over go by. If he wants to get ahead of me, that’s too bad.

In the old misc.transport.roads Usenet newsgroup, these a-holes were known as DIG -- "DAMN! I'M GOOD!" -- drivers because they believed they had exclusive use of the left lane and NO ONE should get in their way. Their contention was that you should immediately get out of their way if you were passing someone, even if it meant squeezing into that small space and all but locking up the brakes to avoid hitting the slow car in front of you -- just so they didn't have to slow down from 80.

Miami Game needs to be full the whole time, no exceptions

Make it feel like a playoff game

Rock that shit. Might even will the boys to victory

https://preview.redd.it/tthnedv2392g1.jpeg?width=416&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=00dc82aac8db3f8a625b42266d9403102f8191b9

LFG I don’t want their team to be able to even hear themselves

Dude is intense!

GO HOKIES!

Let’s f’n GO!

I mean Miami doesn’t get the full stadium experience as well so I’m happy for the recruits and Miami to finally have that experience. Give them hell Blacksburg.

You all heard the man!

Plz do your part students. HUGE recruiting weekend and needs to showcase how great of a gameday we have at Lane

I just hope everyone stays during the entire game. Even if Miami is ahead by a good bit at the half.  It's sad to see the NEZ and upper East near empty. I get it, watching us lose sucks, but this isa game we need to impress recruits that are following Franklin and higher-ranked than we couldn't even get to look our direction before.

It's a Noon game, plenty of time to do what you got to do around 3:30-4.  Plus never know, Beat Miami, and party on the field?

Is Franklin coaching the game, or will he just be on the sidelines?

Good chance it will be raining, so prepare for that everyone.
Hope it's out by early morning so we can get the fly over in.

Should have made it a night game. Noon kickoff sucks

This is surreal to see...

I can't make it to the game due to Thanksgiving, but I have a student section ticket because I bought season tickets. Anyone want it?

As a PSU fan, enjoy never winning the big games.

why does he sound like he's holding his breath when he talks? like im stoked we got him but as a casual this is the first time ive ever heard him talk and i cant get over it lol

I would be *insufferable* if we won

It needs to be like this non-stop during the game. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=crhWP__g-_c

Also, please start screaming WHEN they are starting the huddle, not when lined up.

Just on the sideline

He was holding back tears he said he’s an emotional guy

It would be appropriate revenge for last year

Fuck yes.

Nine international students from Virginia Tech had their visas/status revoked

Key paragraph:

> As of 5 p.m. on Wednesday, three undergraduate students, four graduate students, and two alumni have had their SEVIS records terminated, which generally means they must leave the U.S. immediately. We do not know why the terminations occurred and are seeking additional information from the State Department and Department of Homeland Security. At this time, we are not aware of any immigration actions affecting Virginia Tech faculty or staff.

Remember during the campaign Trump said he would give a green card to all international students who completed a degree in the US?  Now they are being deported with no explanations. Infuriating.  If I were an international student, I would not feel comfortable or safe here. Just saying…

[deleted]

As an international student, this is exactly why along with a few other reasons I've made a call to no longer pursue education in the US and will not be returning for my future semesters

Wake up this man has already floated the idea of sending US citizens to El Salvador they have already incorrectly deported multiple people w no due process if u don’t stand up in every way possible eventually any one who disagrees will be next they don’t care about the constitution they don’t care about your rights like stand up there’s no way this campus had huge protests calling Joe Biden genocide joe but you can’t stand up for this meanwhile Trump has done everything but publicly stroke Netanyahu and putins dicks and we just have to sit here and pretend that any of this shit is normal I’m so done with it stand up this is our future our lives and these decrepit baby boomer pedofiles and drunk degenerates morons leading the country are destroying it meanwhile maga cult members will defend all of it enough is enough

I work in a research lab on campus. It blows my mind at the amount of support staff who cheer this type of atrocious behavior on. I myself am a local resident but absolutely DO NOT support the hate and fear that is constantly spreading. The attitude in my building has become very somber with the uncertainty of funding. I personally was very sad at the loss of one of the research assistants. They where always in early and very dedicated to there job and to the students they worked with. Unfortunately I’m almost certain that they won’t be the last. I thought in coming to work at Virginia Tech that we are all Hokies. That we would rally behind one another to support each other. Little did I know that there are those among us who cheer this ludicrous nonsense on. Let it be known that not everyone is like that. We compassionate people may be silent. I for one find it very difficult to stand up to the bully’s. I’ve heard my coworkers say some horrible things and just be blown away. I try very hard to be a positive influence. And at the end of the day I know I’ve done what I could do. Ultimately I truly believe that sanity will return and that this nightmare will come to a close.

Fuck Donald Trump

Crickets from conservatives who said they weren’t racist, just wanted ‘criminals’ out of the country. We’re gutting our own future and draining the collective brainpower of the country with this shit.

I heard a protest is happening. Who knows the details?

Question, as a person born in the UK but grew up in USA, is it possible to deport me back to the UK if anything happens? I gained my citizenship in highschool but can it be revoked?

It’s beyond sickening. My love goes out to all International students, students who have immigrated to the U.S., etc. 

International students are one of the many things that enrich this university and this country. As I've meet so many at Tech I've learned so much more about the world, the experiences of others, other cultures. I've been impressed time and time again by the sheer intelligence and achievement of international students as they are already held to such a elevated standard academically and otherwise. 

Although this doesn't help or change the reality of circumstance you ARE wanted you ARE appreciated, there are so many here that care. I desperately wish the institution and government could reflect that. 

Love to international Hokies today.

What an utterly weak statement that should give no one confidence that Virginia Tech will support, defend, or take care of its students. Outrage should be table stakes here. The demand that these statuses be re-instated would be better. Promising to defend and help these students with litigation would be best. As an alumni and someone who went on to work for Virginia Tech for a few years, I always knew Ut Prosim was mostly a nothing statement, but now we should just start scrubbing that from websites and create a new more cowardly motto.

This is BONKERS

don’t forget how weak and cowardly sands and the BOV was when the dust settles. Make sure you all support an admin that will protect you.

Alumni don’t count as students and are regularly expected to get a job or go back to their home country. So this should have said 7 students of 38000.

Maybe the woke/LGBT/globalist alliance wasn't as bad as many people said it was.

Booo hoo

Regardless of where people fall on this issue, it blows my mind how little transparency/consistency there’s been over the past few months. 

You would think an explanation would be included with what seems like a manual early termination for specific students. I’ll be interested to see what the Fed says and how long it takes them to say it.

https://preview.redd.it/scbq72xvi1ue1.jpeg?width=1179&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=349637e6454807515c57be7cb3506ef89a93b80d

After checking out the up to date link on current issues with student visas found myself here… I suspect the students termination probably related to this

I’m confused, if you’re alumni how do you still have a student visa? Is it that you’ve got time- like a year- after graduation to find a job to sponsor another type of visa? Or are they saying that alumni of the school who had other visas not related to student status had those visas revoked?

It's all chaos.

There's massive uncertainty about how the Trump administration will deal with student visas so, if you're a student from outside the United States, why would you choose to go to a university where you might have your visa pulled mid-way through your studies?  Hell, where you might end up in a slave labor camp in El Salvadore? 

But there's ALSO massive uncertainty about all kinds of financial aid.  Trump's war on the Department of Education means that plenty of students who are counting on federal money to go to college are suddenly unsure if they're going to get that money.  If those checks don't come through, they just can't go.  I personally know of students who were sit to matriculate in the fall who are deferring for a year to do community college instead in the hopes that this all settles down in time for their sophomore year.

And lastly, let's not forget DOGE and the war on grants.  VT, like many other universities, relies on federal research dollars to keep large chunks of the University running.  With those grants being cut without rhyme or reason, it's unclear how major functions of the University will be funded.  

Hell, come November, if a Democrat wins the VA governorship, there's an excellent chance that Trump follows his Maine playbook and cuts grants and programs in Virginia as an act of political retribution.  

College is a 4 year commitment and between tariffs, immigration, anti-intellectualism, and Musk's chainsaw there are a lot of would-be-Hokies who just can't make the commitment right now.

And that means that this year's admissions and matriculation process is going to be a tire fire.

Can't blame ya. This situation is a nightmare.

So many of us understand and are sorry to lose you.

Totally understand, I've lived here all my life and am questioning for the first time whether it's worth staying.

I also work on campus and hearing there are those who cheer this, make me sick. 

I was actually in tears yesterday over this.

They are being removed because of their actions not because of their race. You know the race of who is being deported or are you just assuming? That’s a racist statement to assume.
Foreign nationals don’t have the right to call for and support the destruction of their host country. You can drain all those hateful minds.

No naturalized citizens have had their citizenship revoked, so far it's just been students with visas.

On average, [11 citizens are denaturalized](https://immigrationforum.org/article/fact-sheet-on-denaturalization/#:~:text=Since%20January%202017%2C%20USCIS%20has,only%20the%20most%20extreme%20situations) each year.

My understanding is that citizenship is usually only revoked if you do something like joining the military or government of a foreign country, or do something treasonous. Who the fuck knows anymore with these fucking fascist dickheads in charge.

What is it you think VT can do to fight the federal government? And do you really think VT can fight back and not cause a direct response that results in more students being sent home?

It's possible to work on a student visa after graduating. Look into F1 OPT or F1 STEM OPT.

Mighty big words from a person asking for money consistently on this app.

When asked about you, I bet your parents change the subject.

Idk why this is so heavily downvoted, you're obviously right. I kinda wonder if people actually understand what you're saying.

Me when I literally have no humanity

The lack of transparency is the point. The goalposts get moved in the shadows, and then everyone qualifies for deportation.

I’m sure the students and alumni know why they were revoked

We were told this morning that they were not student activists, no student conduct or legal issues, etc. I have heard from other universities that SEVIS records are being ended without notice for things as simple as a speeding ticket.

Thank you for sharing this!

There is something called "optional practical training" which allows for an alumni to work in the U.S. for 1 year, or up to 2 for STEM related fields.

While DOGE is looking to save millions of dollars in domestic spending, they end up spending even more money elsewhere: https://www.nytimes.com/2025/04/04/us/politics/us-strikes-yemen-houthis.html

I'd expect that is going to happen because Spanberger will win NOVA

Sounds like an improvement compared to the overcrowding that has been a disaster for a while

It won't be for the next 3 years or so. More depending on circumstances. Less depending on if you have a secure job or not

How do you know why they are being deported?

Did you read all the administrative ICE warrants? Otherwise you are making assumptions like everyone else.  🤭 class dismissed bro.

So far.... Trump has certainly discussed revoking citizenship status for naturalized citizens.

Yeah people don't understand jokes on Reddit lol.

If you guys really need this stuff explained like children, it's obviously saying that the previous administration handled it better in a joking way.

Lol nope.

There is no law here, there is merely permission. Republicans want white people to regain their position as the gatekeepers of society, and the Democrats are trying to maintain the legitimacy of the Constitution. I’m on the side that believes that the Constitution cannot survive while the congress and courts allow the executive branch immunity from criminal actions.

Got any more info on that?

They probably participated in that Gaza protest on campus last year making themselves a target for removal. 

The FBI probably loaded photos of all of the student visa holders at VT into a facial recognition software program and anyone identified in the video footage of the VT Gaza protest is getting the boot.

Never Forget ❤️ As an alumni from that terrible time, I wanted to say something here.  Be sure to honor those we lost and reflect on the strength of our community.  No future is promised. Let’s keep the memories alive and continue supporting each other.

17 years and yet it still feels like yesterday.

It’s wild to realize the children left behind are all adults now.

I never had the pleasure of meeting Ryan Clark but I am friends with someone who was close to him and counted him as a brother. This person told me all about Ryan and what an amazing giving person he was. He was a true Hokie, everything we hope for as a member of the Hokie Nation.

So I promised myself that I would never forget Ryan's name. I want to honor his memory as best I can, by keeping his name and his legacy out there so other people can learn about him. It's important to me that he not be forgotten as just another victim. He was so much more than that, as were all the victims we lost that day.

[https://www.weremember.vt.edu/biographies/clark.html](https://www.weremember.vt.edu/biographies/clark.html)

17 years later and there's still not a Librescu Hall.  Professor Librescu held the door to his classroom against the shooter, saving the lives of nearly all of his students.  He gave his life to defend theirs.

Cadet Matt La Porte charged into gunfire to protect his fellow students.  It _astonishes_ me that the University has a new residence hall _for cadets_ going up which they would rather call the "New Cadet Residence Hall" than La Porte hall.

We are Virginia Tech.

We are sad today, and we will be sad for quite a while. We are not moving on, we are embracing our mourning.

We are Virginia Tech.

We are strong enough to stand tall tearlessly, we are brave enough to bend to cry, and we are sad enough to know that we must laugh again.

We are Virginia Tech.

We do not understand this tragedy. We know we did nothing to deserve it, but neither does a child in Africa dying of AIDS, neither do the invisible children walking the night away to avoid being captured by the rogue army, neither does the baby elephant watching his community being devastated for ivory, neither does the Mexican child looking for fresh water, neither does the Appalachian infant killed in the middle of the night in his crib in the home his father built with his own hands, being run over by a boulder because the land was destabilized. No one deserves a tragedy.

We are Virginia Tech.

The Hokie Nation embraces our own and reaches out with open hearts and hands to those who offer their hearts and minds. We are strong, and brave, and innocent, and unafraid. We are better than we think and not quite what we want to be. We are alive to the imaginations and the possibilities. We will continue to invent the future through our blood and tears and through all our sadness.

We are the Hokies. We will prevail.

We will prevail.

We will prevail.

We are Virginia Tech.

[I read this from ESPN's Chris Fowler every year.](https://www.espn.com/college-sports/columns/story?columnist=fowler_chris&id=2842707)

There are other links to other stories the left, some say 46m old, some say 9h old, this one now says 17y old.

HOKIE STRONG

I still have copies of the emails I received from the university listserv that day (forwarded to my hotmail account 2 days after it happened).

I moved to Blacksburg around 2011 and the city felt as if it was still healing. I lived next to a Virginia Tech professor who was in the building when it happened and lost many friends and students. So many people lost loved ones and the wounds were so fresh. Many people had their stories of where they were when they heard of the tragedy. To this day, I get sad and cry whenever the anniversary comes up. I am so proud of how every year, Blacksburg comes together to honor the memories of those who passed❤️

My proffeser for World of Alexander the Great said a few words today about it. I don’t know anyone who died but the tragedy moves me to sadness. Never forget.

If you ever want to feel disgusted, know that rap artist Shakewell made a song called Virginia Tech, pretty much glorifying that day. Randomly happened upon it a month ago, so fuck shake well and fuck his fans.

Rip Mike.

Be vigilant be safe.

Coming to campus in 2010 it was a weird experience where most wounds had started to heal but to so many it was still fresh.

That first remembrance day in the spring was a big moment when I was thinking about transferring. The sense of community and support that was everywhere you looked was unlike anything I had seen before.

RIP Dr. Librescu.  My hero.

As a current student, I think about you all all the time. Tomorrow is not promised. Never ever forget.

♥️32

I hope this isn’t a weird question, but did classes for the rest of the semester get cancelled after the shooting?

Rip to those who lost their lives. That day was a horrible tragedy

I knew Stack.  Thank you for this.  I hadn't cried yet today but this got me to me, in a good way.  It means so much.  So truly, thank you.

I was in the band with Stack in 2006-2007. He was a very special soul. He was that one in a million kind of person. His smile as he would say hello to you on a cold drill field could fill it with warmth. Thank you for honoring him.

The MVs recently posted an interview with his mom, which can be read [here](https://www.spiritoftech.com/mvexperience/2024/3/21/a-true-marching-virginian?fbclid=IwZXh0bgNhZW0CMTEAAR2xyvOtypfhf_Rstv7xf0GTNNbeUycgijRt52LsWB4JZ_ZDnH9kzq8N2Kc_aem_AVWmUMYpZH-keHFfelpZXfXQMEQN_IrSOfnEpzTfgBIKY88Tq-evA3V-MhMYqhtyzh1q0_MLoiDElEHsB-aSZLc9). The spiritoftech Instagram account posted to their story today with pictures of performances held in honor of Stack and the other victims. Sochinski's arrangement of Amazing Grace, written in honor of the victims, was also performed by the MVs at Stack's high school in 2009.

Stack was a great man.

Thank you. Great article

I remember them as well, the first one was more of a warning as they thought the danger was over. But the second was very straight to the point “There is a gunman loose on campus…” Now everyone has alert texts and systems in place. But all we had was email

I was a Classical Studies major at the time of the shooting and out of pure personal interest am curious who your professor is? 

I graduated in 2008 and went back for another degree in engineering in 2014. I don’t remember any professors mentioning it, which always kind of surprised me.

And to think enough time has passed that many freshman were born the same year the massacre happened.

Students were given the option to take the rest of the semester off but most classes (excluding Norris Hall) resumed on Monday, 4/23.

Idk what came of the grades for students who took the rest of the semester off.

As I recall, classes were cancelled for that week.  I don't remember having the option to take the rest of the semester off (that may have been something for students directly affected or those who were in Norris Hall that day).  I do remember that final exams were optional and if you chose not to take it, your grade would be based only on work completed prior to April 16.

I believe both Federal and state tax deadlines were also extended by 6 months that year because of this.

I didn’t know he went by Stack. So I am still learning about him. Wonderful!

Thank you for this although I am struggling to get through it.

This is the text of the first one:

    Date: Mon, 16 Apr 2007 09:26:24 -0400
    From: Unirel@vt.edu
    Reply-To: Unirel@vt.edu
    Subject: Shooting on campus.
    To: Multiple recipients <LISTSERV@LISTSERV.VT.EDU>
    
    A shooting incident occurred at West Amber Johnston earlier this morning. Police
    are on the scene and are investigating.
    
    The university community is urged to be cautious and are asked to contact
    Virginia Tech Police if you observe anything suspicious or with information on
    the case. Contact Virginia Tech Police at 231-6411

and this is the one referring to the gunman.

    Date: Mon, 16 Apr 2007 09:50:07 -0400
    From: Unirel@vt.edu
    Reply-To: Unirel@vt.edu
    Subject: PLease stay put
    To: Multiple recipients <LISTSERV@LISTSERV.VT.EDU>

    A gunman is loose on campus.  Stay in buildings until further notice.  Stay away
    from all windows

of course, unless you were on your computer at the time, you wouldn't have seen it in time to matter.

Here are the remaining emails I have:

    Date: Mon, 16 Apr 2007 10:16:40 -0400
    From: Unirel@vt.edu
    Reply-To: Unirel@vt.edu
    Subject: All Classes Canceled; Stay where you are
    To: Multiple recipients <LISTSERV@LISTSERV.VT.EDU>
    
    Virginia Tech has canceled all classes. Those on campus are asked to remain
    where there are, lock their doors and stay away from windows. Persons off
    campus are asked not to come to campus.


    Date: Mon, 16 Apr 2007 10:52:45 -0400
    From: Unirel@vt.edu
    Reply-To: Unirel@vt.edu
    Subject: Second Shooting Reported; Police have one gunman in custody
    To: Multiple recipients <LISTSERV@LISTSERV.VT.EDU>
    
    In addition to an earlier shooting today in West Ambler Johnston, there has been
    a multiple shooting with multiple victims in Norris Hall.
    
    Police and EMS are on the scene.
    
    Police have one shooter in custody and as part of routine police procedure, they
    continue to search for a second shooter.
    
    All people in university buildings are required to stay inside until further
    notice.
    
    All entrances to campus are closed.

    Date: Mon, 16 Apr 2007 12:41:44 -0400
    From: Unirel@vt.edu
    Reply-To: Unirel@vt.edu
    Subject: Statement by President Charles W. Steger
    To: Multiple recipients <LISTSERV@LISTSERV.VT.EDU>
    
    Shooting at Virginia Tech / Statement by President Charles W. Steger
    
    The university was struck today with a tragedy of monumental proportions. There
    were two shootings on campus. In each case, there were fatalities. The
    university is shocked and horrified that this would befall our campus. I want
    to extend my deepest, sincerest and most profound sympathies to the families of
    these victims which include students There are 22 confirmed deaths.
    
    We currently are in the process of notifying families of victims. The Virginia
    Tech Police are being assisted by numerous other jurisdictions. Crime scenes
    are being investigated by the FBI, University Police, and State Police. We
    continue to work to identify the victims impacted by this tragedy. I cannot
    begin to covey my own personal sense of loss over this senselessness of such an
    incomprehensible and heinous act The university will immediately set up
    counseling centers. So far centers have been identified in Ambler Johnson and
    the Cook Counseling Center to work with our campus community and families.
    
    Here are some of the facts we know:
    
    At about 7:15 a.m. this morning a 911 call came to the University Police
    Department concerning an event in West Amber Johnston Hall. There were multiple
    shooting victims. While in the process of investigating, about two hours later
    the university received reports of a shooting in Norris Hall. The police
    immediately responded. Victims have been transported to various hospitals in
    the immediate area in the region to receive emergency treatment.
    
    We will proceed to contact the families of victims as identities are available.
    
    All classes are cancelled and the university is closed for the remainder for the
    today. The university will open tomorrow at 8 a.m. but classes will be cancelled
    on Tuesday. The police are currently staging the release of people from campus
    buildings.
    
    Families wishing to reunite with the students are suggested to meet at the Inn
    at Virginia Tech. We are making plans for a convocation tomorrow (Tuesday) at
    noon at Cassell Coliseum for the university community to come together to begin
    to deal with the tragedy.


    Date: Mon, 16 Apr 2007 22:00:01 -0400
    From: Unirel@vt.edu
    Reply-To: Unirel@vt.edu
    Subject: University closed today; classes canceled Tuesday
    To: Multiple recipients <LISTSERV@LISTSERV.VT.EDU>
    
    Virginia Tech has closed today Monday, April 16, 2007. On Tuesday, April 17,
    classes will be canceled. The university will remain open for administrative
    operations.
    
    There will be an additional university statement presented today at noon.
    
    All students, faculty, and staff are required to stay where they are until
    police execute a planned evacuation. A phased closing will be in effect today;
    further information will be forthcoming as soon as police secure the campus.
    
    Tomorrow, there will be a university convocation/ceremony at noon at Cassell
    Coliseum. The Inn at Virginia Tech has been designated as the site for parents
    to gather and obtain information.


    Date: Tue, 17 Apr 2007 09:24:29 -0400
    From: Virginia.Tech.news@vt.edu
    Reply-To: Virginia.Tech.news@vt.edu
    Subject: Update for University Community Regarding Campus Tragedy
    To: Multiple recipients <LISTSERV@LISTSERV.VT.EDU>
    
    Tuesday, April 17
    
    Virginia Tech continues to mourn the loss of 33 members of our community. As we
    move forward, we share the following information:
    
    Virginia Tech will cancel all classes for the remainder of the week to allow
    students the time they need to grieve and seek assistance as needed. The
    university will re-open administrative operations beginning tomorrow,
    Wednesday, April 18, understanding that some faculty and staff may wish to take
    additional time off this week to grieve the loss of fellow colleagues and
    friends. We ask individual employees to communicate with their supervisors of
    their schedules for the balance of the week.
    
    We will close Norris Hall for the remainder of the semester. Staff are currently
    working to arrange alternative location for classrooms and faculty offices.
    
    Counseling and other resources are available for students, faculty, and staff.
    Students may receive counseling at McComas Hall and counselors will be
    available for extended hours. Counselors will also be available in West Amber
    Johnston for residents.
    
    Employees may receive needed support by going to the Brush Mountain Room in
    Squires Student Center throughout the day.
    
    The university will be holding a convocation ceremony at 2 p.m. at Cassell
    Coliseum. This will be the first time the Virginia Tech community will come
    together since the tragedy to share our collective sorrow. At that time,
    President George Bush, First Lady Laura Bush, Gov. Timothy Kaine, Mrs. Kaine
    members of our Board of Visitors, members of the clergy, our students, and poet
    Nikki Giovanni will share messages of condolence to the family and friends of
    the victims and words of hope to all of us as we move forward past this
    tragedy.
    
    Again we encourage all members of the Virginia Tech community to attend. Should
    the coliseum be full, the event will be broadcast on campus cable stations.
    
    The Virginia Tech community, and the world at large, continues to struggle with
    these horrible events. We hope these steps will help in that healing process.

Edit: I'm including the rest of the emails I have in this comment.

From what I remember a lot of the classes were given the option to freely withdraw without it counting against your WP credits.

If you took the semester off you were given the grade that you had prior to the event.

There is a hokie bird statue dedicated to him at the Marching Virginians center (also named “Stack”)!

Yep. I had just walked back to Pritchard and saw the police cars in front of AJ and thought it was a lot of cars for a fire alarm(thanks Pritchard). My roommate was about to go to class when we saw the second email. We then watched it all unfold right in front of us

At 09:26:24 the campus police knew at least one gunman was on the loose. They had no knowledge that a shooter wasn’t on campus. If the first victim was mauled by an animal would they have waited 24 minutes to issue the more urgent warning? So now we have Steger Hall and stones in the ground in front of Burruss. I will never forget that day and the fear I had for my student at Tech - unreachable by cellphone. The pain has subsided but I can’t begin to imagine the daily pain experienced by the many friends and families of the killed and wounded victims. Never forget them.

I lived just off campus and had walked out my front door to go to class when I got a call from a friend that told me about the email and the stuff going on, don't go out. Then we watched the news and listened to internet radio/police scanners and the dozens of cop cars and their sirens, and the van driving around with loudspeaker instructions to stay indoors. I mean my house was RIGHT next to campus on Wall Street and that shit was so scary. I was at least on the opposite side of campus but the fact it was all happening was just incomprehensible to me at the time. Hearing body counts on the news had my roommates and me beside ourselves when they said "at least 10".

Couldn't get a cell call out anywhere, had to hop on AOL Instant Messenger and have my cousin call my parents to tell them I was okay. Watched out the window at everything going on... didn't have food in the house so went out and asked the police if I could grab food and they told me to be quick. So many details etched in my brain.

It was even earlier than that.  If I recall correctly, the first murder happened before 8 am that morning.  The email about it was only sent out at 9:26 am.

Yah. Cell network was down. I also used AIM to let my parents know I was ok. Never seen so many police cars in my life. At one point there was a car driving towards my hall with four cops behind and their guns drawn and aimed past our building. We thought for sure someone was nearby. When we say them later just standing around we knew it was all over. But I vividly remember talking with my talk and he was saying “that can’t be right. They said 15 injured now 15 killed and the number just started going up and up and no one had any clue when it would end. I think of it every year and whenever I am able to go back to tech. But I wouldn’t have gone anywhere else in the world. Tech is special for more reasons than this.

Welcome back students and welcome new students! Things have changed a bit in the Burg since you left:

* Sycamore Deli is now The Milk Parlor.
* Big Al's is gone.
* There's a new development coming downtown at the old Blacksburg Middle School site (400-ish South Main Street).
* The former Qdoba at UMall is now a Mezeh Mediterranean Grill.
* There's an Ulta at the mall in Christiansburg.

&#x200B;

What hasn't changed:

* uva sucks

&#x200B;

Advice for new students:

* Always carry an umbrella - even if the forecast is for drought-like conditions
* Never put away your spring clothes in the winter and winter clothes in the spring. Seasons have no meaning in Blacksburg.
* Duck boots are a must.
* Visit the Farmers Market on a Saturday.
* Eat off campus once in a while (I recommend Joe's for breakfast, Our Daily Bread for lunch, and pretty much anywhere for dinner).
* See a show or movie at the Lyric.
* Go for a drive around the area in late October to see the gorgeous leaves. Route 42 in Craig County is beautiful.
* When things get tough, reach out for help. If you can't get in to see someone at Cook, there's plenty of us townies here who can talk to you until you get the professional help you need. 

&#x200B;

Good luck with your studies and have fun while you are here! 

&#x200B;

Love,

A Townie

Carol Lee’s donuts is a must!

Also for new dorm people -- I know lots of yall buy bettas as a "cute pet"/dorm decoration. Remember that they are living animals. 

* DON'T STEAL THEM FROM THE STORES. I don't know how many times I saw people literally grabbing them from cups to steal. I mean, come on. They're not that expensive. Plus, that sort of stuff gets the employees in trouble for your shenanigans.

* Don't buy them just a super tiny bowl. Petsmart has the Enchant tank right now for 19.99, its the right size for a single male betta. (Small bowls also need almost daily water changes. Get the bigger tank, put a few live plants in it, and it'll WAY cut down your maintenance)

* Male bettas can't live with females (or another male), you'll end up with two dead fish and a mess to clean up.

**And overall, no matter what kind of pet you have, Petco and Petsmart will price match with Chewy and Amazon. It will save you a ton of money.**

* Do not step (or run) out blindly into campus crosswalks. There is no invisible force field that will protect you if my car is already moving into said crosswalk.

Can’t forget that Frank’s is now P a r a g o n

Assume the car approaching the crosswalk is the same one that stopped in the roundabout to let cars in (clueless). 

Mezeh is really good.

What does The Milk Parlor have?

-go to carol lees donuts, they take cards now

I’d like to offer an update. Route 42 is pretty but Route 624 (off of 42 on the left just past Joe’s Trees) is the most gorgeous road in Craig any time of year. Just be cautious and stick to your side because it is an unlined, country road. 

Source: I used to live on 624 and even out of towners can confirm my above statement

What happened to Big Al's?

GOOD LUCK THIS YEAR TO EVERYBODY!!!

My firm is working on the development of the old Blacksburg Middle School site - it is going to be the new Blacksburg Police Department

Don't cross behind the bus. Wait until the bus leaves so you can clearly see traffic or cross in front of the bus.

Key is seeing oncoming traffic.

* get a pumpkin chocolate chip muffin from bollo's

She-sha is also gone. 

Mezeh is good.  It's like a Chipotle but for Mediterranean/Middle-Eastern food.

Get the pasta carbonara at the farmers market. The guy makes it all fresh from scratch!

What the frick Giles concerts at Sycamore were the best

How's the traffic?

For the engineering students: you can't complete this major alone. Talk to your classmates, make friends, make study groups, support each other. It's hell, but it's doable if you work together.

How do you survive freshmen year?

Big Bless on you for sharing this <3

I’ve liked brunch at Gillie’s, and sometimes I like to smoke my pipe outside of the London Underground :)

This a thousand times. *Keep your head out of your phone when crossing.* So many act like the crosswalks mean you have the automatic right of way and that nobody will hit you.

Its rude to everyone who is also trying to cross campus at the same time, and incredibly dangerous.

Newton’s laws trumps Virginia’s laws in the moment.

Cheaper tickets now too, but concessions will still nail you.

>Mezeh is really good.

Glad to hear that, been meaning to try it but haven't heard any reviews until now.

Amazing people, rebuilt stage and DJ booth for music, the bar, and a new menu consisting of artisan grilled cheese sandwiches.  Same management as before with fresh paint.  I attended the soft opening last weekend and it appears that they renovated the bathrooms and expanded the dance floor.

I haven't been yet, but they are continuing the concerts.

Stage is still there, games are gone, and now there's a smoking corner. I didn't stay to look at drinks/food

Literally the only reason I used cash in college

Know of any good spots that would have me driving through BBurg and Route 624 to? Any good eateries or things to do that you know of would be awesome to hear about!

Not sure. One day there was a for lease sign on it.

If I remember correctly from my years in 2003-07 didn't Big Als have the absolutely worst bathroom situation of any bar down there. Was aweful for someone with Crohn's disease. Sorry to see the place go though, spent a lot of time there and Sharkey's.

Owner sold it.

They weren’t paying their staff and I heard they got slammed by abc because the bouncers were letting anybody in

My philosophy on this changes the closer I get to finals.

Nothing stops my heart quicker than someone blindly stepping out into a crosswalk when I can't see them because the bus is pulled up right to it. Like...do you not fear for your life even a little bit??

And so the traffic can see YOU.

You aren't in high school any more, riding a big yellow bus with flashing lights. There is nothing that says a driver has to stop for a BT bus pulled over at a stop. Cross the street accordingly, remembering from way back in kindergarten that you should look both ways.

Looking both ways also holds true on the Drillfield, even though it is one-way traffic (except by the Mall) -- there are bicyclists who don't follow the law (and can get a ticket) and ride the wrong way around.

Bollo's is great in general.  Used it as a study spot and it's a go to first date/coffee suggestion of mine.

They are still doing concerts.

The stage  is still there so odds are good they'll still host concerts

Gets pretty brutal around main during rush hour but mostly fine

Make friends, join clubs. Never turn down free food or a free shirt. Travel in groups if partying

From the Code of Virginia:

>A. The driver of any vehicle on a highway shall yield the right-of-way to any pedestrian crossing such highway:

>1.	At any clearly marked crosswalk, whether at mid-block or at the end of any block;

So, pedestrians *do* automatically get right of way, but

>	No pedestrian shall enter or cross an intersection in disregard of approaching traffic.

[§ 46.2-924. Drivers to stop for pedestrians; installation of certain signs; penalty.](https://law.lis.virginia.gov/vacode/title46.2/chapter8/section46.2-924/)

Also, it's rude to give me a heart attack because I do not want to accidentally murder anyone, even if it's not my fault LOL

Also, you don’t get free tuition if you walk into a bus.

Dollar tree is a block away

Same set up as doba/chipotle, cheap (most expensive thing is like $9) and very good food/selection. Their falafel is some of the best I've had. Highly recommend!

I wish they kept the sandwiches. RIP Scoobie Doobie.

>artisan grilled cheese sandwiches

That's all you need to say, my friend.

The real bae

Now this is the quality content I sub for

Oh boy, I sure hope this get's asked a fourth time this week!

Can I?

Just be the one Linux user in a Bible studies class

No. The VT Gestapo will immediately take you out if you try

A new MacBook is a solid computer for most tasks you'll find yourself doing in college. (Bonus points for CS imo, since macOS is a UNIX based OS compared to Windows)

Most of the posts however are "Can I use my 2014 MacBook Air" and tbh you might find yourself buying a new laptop by end of sophomore year tops.

MacBooks are nice form factor wise but become an inconvenience when you get into 3 & 4 year classes when you NEED to be running windows for certain applications.

Don't even try unless you're prepared to face the Spanish Inquisition

Honestly if you are doing DSS it might be worth it for the coding focused classes (last two years). You WILL need windows though. As someone who cares about performance and battery life I highly recommend bootcamp over parallels

In terms of performance, BIT doesn’t need “i7, 16gbs of ram” lmao. A mid range spec laptop will do what you need it too.

Why is it people don’t look at previous post to see if someone recently answered that question. Is it that they think their question is more unique than the others?

It is worth noting that there are fairly reliable rumors that the *new, unannounced* MacBooks will not use Intel, and are switching to ARM. 

This means, from what I understand, that they will not be able to run boot camp. 

IF you are in a major that requires some windows stuff, be sure to make sure your model will run boot camp. Don’t just blindly buy the newest mac.

Edit: they announced it today. From what I understand, not all new models will use an ARM processor, and only Intel processors will run boot camp.

A lot of CS majors that code way more comparatively use MacBook Pros. So, as a BIT major, it should definitely not be an issue as long as you’re using the newer Air or Pros.

Lil rude but I agree with the sentiment. Maybe the mods could pin a megathread with links to separate subreddit posts (made by the mods or other people knowledgeable on the subject) for common questions asked here? One for computer requirement stuff, one for transfer stuff maybe, etc etc?

Lol, I basically said as much on one of them. I then laughed so hard when I say it was down voted (Most likely by the one who asked it, as it was a single down vote)

I see a lot of people using MacBooks. As long as you don’t have a potato computer you’ll be fine.

Edit: in my opinion don’t use a MacBook, they suck.

"I have the power of God and ~~Anime~~ Superior Operating Systems on my side!"

Imagine using TempleOS

That's what you get for using a MacBook I guess

“since macOS is closer to a UNIX based OS” ...

macOS is not close to Unix based. It is Unix based.

[deleted]

well, that was unexpected

Does BIT/Pamplin have the computer minimum spec requirement that CoE has?

I can kinda see why CoE implemented it because it's facepalm worthy to see people try and run SolidWorks or something intensive on a potato computer.

Thank you, u/SaltyTurdLicker!

Is there a reddit autobot for this?

Obviously a different year MacBook air warrants a new post

The Air is high-key a potato. You should watch Linus Tech Tips latest video on how they improved cooling and showed that the system fan isn't even connected to the cpu

Wrong.  Excel outputs differently in OSX and you will need windows.  Don't guess, look it up.

That's a good thought, but unnecessary in my opinion. 

1. Computer requirements/guidelines are already posted on department sites, and IT will help you setup your device.

2. If they didn't see it while it was on the front of the page, I don't think they'll se it on a pinned thread.  There's a pinmed admissions thread yet still numerous posts regarding admissions. 

I'd say just accept that people will post dumb stuff without seeing if it's already been asked.

Thank you for the suggestion. We are always looking for input on how the subreddit could be better.

My mom gave me her old MacBook. I was gonna trade it out but she said if I was gonna do that she’d just give it to someone else. So I had to get through engineering on boot camp. I survived but by the end of it I was dodging blue screens of death like the matrix.

[deleted]

Lmao is a joke and yea Macbooks 🤮 now gimme my downvotes

arch btw

Oof, you're right. BSD is still UNIX.

I was thinking more about how it doesn't share much with Linux.

Mcquain would beg to differ

It doesn’t look like it will be a problem for this year’s freshmen, but I would be very hesitant of buying one of the newly announced Apple Silicon chip computers for parallel use. I wouldn’t want to be a guinea pig for that adjustment in Apple’s lineup while under the stress of college. 

The first one is coming “by the end of this year” but if I were a student who would need Windows programs but wanted a Mac, I would stick strictly to the intel Macs for at least 1-2 years after the first Apple Silicon computer gets released.

They have "recommendations" for minimum specs but this recommendations are above what you will actually need.

I wouldn’t run solidworks on any kind of laptop honestly

Yeah. I mean business majors can use programs that can be higher load (Tableau) but none of the classes really go that advanced into the software. Not to mention those classes are typically electives.

And it might be because of minors? I did a minor where I used ArcMap and I’m very glad I had a high tier spec laptop.

[deleted]

[deleted]

So fun seeing people relate with the handed down MacBooks. I got my dads old one. Freshman and sophomore year it had an annual spaz attack. Then junior year it was fine. Senior year a bit iffy and now I’m think I reallllly need a new one bc battery issues. 

Anyway, so many around me had brand new ones. The college instruction pressures students into thinking they need a brand new one. I did fine with my old one though and became part coder I guess to fix it, got a new hard drive and battery. It was slower with some software but a totally livable standard. I never have used the CD player though...

“Just because you can use a MacBook doesn’t mean you should” - Master Oogway

MacBook Pro can be configured as a half decent, somewhat outdated machine. It'll just cost you twice as much to do so.

macOS is a UNIX 03-compliant operating system certified by The Open Group. Has been for a while now.

I think they fixed them. I remember i7 and 16gb of ram being recommend to me. Hopefully for the sake of students they rolled back on that one

Fair point, never had to use it -- ENGE 1215/16 used Inventor when I took it. 

It ran okay? on my dual-booted MacBook as well as an old ThinkPad I had at the time.

Its an additional complication some may not be willing to endure.

Check compreq.vt.edu.  If you get a mac, they want windows on it.

I don’t miss the 15 second rendering every time I moved my screen in autocad but what’s a guy to do?

Uni probably has contracts with laptop distributors to maintain a steady stream of fucking over students. Just like how they partner with textbook companies. Soulless thieves.

On my old laptop I resorted to buying a dvd drive to 2.5inch drive bay so I could install an SSD. Brought my laptop from never being turned off and only being on sleep mode to actually being kind of fast and not crashing on Fusion 360 startup.

Negative stonks

I don’t think there was enough there to overturn it. Even the announcers think we should have won

The ACC command center wants Miami to stay in top 10.

adjective: indisputable
unable to be challenged or denied.
“a far from indisputable fact”

I’m first in line to say we’re awful but I did not see indisputable evidence the play should be overturned.

ACC bigwigs decided they didn't want to mess with Miami's bowl series chances.

As a fan of an uninvolved ACC school, I'd say that call should not have been overturned. VT shoulda won.

This generation is having their "Danny Coale caught that ball" moment

Non bias South Florida (USF go Bulls!) and here just checking in to see ya'lls reaction. An overturned call has to be 100% clear. I have no idea HOW that was overturned given the initial call and what seemingly looked like your receiver got his hands on it and went down with it, albiet contested, but not contested enough to overturn the call.

[removed]

I want a public apology from the NCAA within 24 hours

Clemson fan here, sorry you all got absolutely robbed tonight. That was easily one of the worst calls I have ever seen. There was no indisputable evidence of a drop, whoever was in ACC command tonight should be held accountable for that.

His butt was on the ground and the ball was not clearly out of his control, so I don’t know what they saw that they determined was enough to overturn the call except for $$$

That was a touchdown, clear possession of the football. There was no indisputable evidence to overturn. I don't know WTF the replay booth seen, but that was robbery at its finest

For you youngins here unfamiliar with the football gods’ hatred of Hokie football, now you are.

Totally agree, the ball didn't start coming loose until already on the ground, and wrestled by a player already out of bounds.

The second they mentioned the ACC Command Center getting involved I knew we were screwed.

Forget the rules, no way they let the CFP contender go down to some middling VT team if they can choose the outcome.

Long wait was to calculate the parlays and have fanduel call the winner

Once his butt touched the ground with him in possession, touchdown

Brent pry needs to rip the ACC a new one during the next press conference. Absolute bullshit call.

In general my favorite teams are UVA and whomever Tech is playing but that was bullshit.

Tech won that game.

If Whit doesn't eviscerate the ACC officials on this he should be fired

That was an absolute screwing.

Non Va Tech person here.  Y’all got fucking hosed.  .

Terrible call. No way there’s enough there to overturn it. I think refs need a re-education on what their reviews means: call on the field stands unless there is indisputable evidence to overturn it. This is not a fresh look at the play. We’ve seen it time and time again. I think back to that Michigan bowl game with the Danny Coale catch. We were robbed of this one.

The HOKIES won this game. I was cussing at my TV when they overturned the play. I'm pissed to put it nicely.

The command center in Charlotte can suck my balls.

It only took 1 min for me to get PERMANENTLY banned from the hurricanes subreddit when I said, “yall know you got away one right”

Danny Cole caught that football!

Just think of all the times they didn’t reverse the calls due to insufficient evidence, yet they decided there that that was enough. The refs and officials showed their strips there and they don’t care at all. Shameless.

Danny Coale - hold Felton's beer.

GO HOKIES!

[deleted]

I believe that the video replay shows Felton did have possession of the ball. However, at the very least, it is inconclusive; which means the ruling on the field (touchdown) should have been upheld. The whole situation surrounding that challenge/replay smells bad.

Vegas called and said reverse it !

They gave them the game. Need ACC to stay top 10. Absolute bullshit

I agree. While I do want to see VT win as a current student, objectively there wasn’t enough to overturn that call.

This one hurts.

The head ref has had a past. https://www.espn.com/college-football/story/_/id/14026475/acc-suspends-field-officials-replay-officials-wild-miami-duke-finish

There was plenty to not overturn it. The Miami player was still inbounds when they both came down the first time. Simultaneous possession in effect. Tie goes to offense

VT wins

https://preview.redd.it/4qme0o3b3hrd1.jpeg?width=828&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=bc0bda242b2011c92d87a0d23c3891ea22694265

WTF was that bruh I swear that was a TD.

I won money on it and I was mad VT got screwed

Should have been able to win with a FG awful coaching and terrible call at the end.

Never should have come down to that. We should have been lining up for a 48 year FG to win but no, Pry and his idiot coaches called up a fake FG UP 10 ON THE ROAD TO A TOP 10 OPPONENT. Also they let 1:30 run off the clock during the two minute drill and gained 12 yards. #FireBrentPry

Still think that if we had just taken the earlier field goal this game could have been won by John Love’s leg

Definitely wasn’t enough to overturn it

I'm a Penn Stater, not sure how I got suggested this post but:

Y'all absolutely should have won the game. Intra-conference politics getting in the way of the game. Miami is likely the ACC's only chance to make it to the playoffs this year, they didn't want to damage that.

Doesn't matter. Kick the freaking field goal and we're going for a field goal not a TD to win the game.

Mid-review, I swear I heard Jim Phillips whisper “*kill it*” like the refs missed the preseason meeting where they read the 2024 season script.

Refs were definitely putting their foot on the scale for the second half. The long td run was brought back by "holding" followed up by a late flag for pass interference the next play was where the game started to get crazy.

Well we certainly should have won, but at the same time, we hung with a top 10 team to the end and didn’t blown tf out. One score loss to a top 10 team should at least lead to a few votes for ranking.

Explain to me how that’s a catch lol I’m not gonna lie he had possession for maybe half a second just not a catch

Should have gone for the easy FG earlier though than that stupid trickery. Coaches need a lot of the blame with the officiating.

They’re not going to overturn it now. Move on, Stanford is next

The announcers didn’t think we should’ve won.

Torg looking handsome this morning.

Don’t think I’ve ever seen it with nobody in sight.  Very nice.

I worry sometimes as a rising senior I'll never see it again

Haven’t been to campus since they built this, hope to see it some day.

Can’t wait till I move to Blacksburg

It's breathtaking!

I want to go back.

Stop. You have violated the law.

GOKIES

Damn Torgerson do be lookin curvy tho

Besides the construction crews and occasional jogger, campus is pretty much desolate. Pretty surreal

Summer VT is pretty quiet.

Likewise. My time on campus is fleeting, and I hate having to acknowledge that.

Same here, I was a cadet back in the day. I understand Upper Quad has changed quite a bit. 

I miss this place, and look forward to getting to bring my kids to see it some day soon!

When did you graduate?  That thing has been there for at least 20 years.

Truly. I’m still a student, and I already miss the place.

Against Skyrim and her people ?

So much construction right now! Get it done boys!

We all enjoy our fleeting time in Blacksburg. Enjoy it while you are there, then look back and revel in what your time on campus did for you. 

Blacksburg is where I became who I am. I will always love Blacksburg and consider it a second home. I hope it also becomes that special place for you. 

Bittersweet memories are good, but focus on the sweet. What makes them so good is that they are limited.

Go Hokies!

Did you ever go for stromboli's on Tuesdays, I forgot the name of the dining hall that was there.

I really felt this comment, and I graduated back in 2017. I remember that feeling of knowing my time there was dwindling, and that I was beginning to miss it before I even left.  Now I miss it everyday.  Of course you have it much different with these times now though

Of course. I’ve been a Hokie since I was a child, and it’s always been my dream school. This place is genuinely whimsical.

I wish that I could’ve had that experience like everyone else has— but in all honesty I hate Blacksburg. :( It’s miserable and cold and an absolute cow town.

When I was there, there was a dining hall on upper quad that the cadets used, Schultz Dining Hall. Food was ok, but the staff there were like moms to all us cadets. They knew our names, and asked how we were doing and just generally cared. If we got low on our meal plans, they would borrow a guest pass from someones account so we stayed fed. Those ladies were pure individuals.

There was an old path out in front of Schultz that the freshmen cadets would paint as a "spirit mission" to compete with the other freshmen cadets. That path was from the dining hall before Schultz. It was called the Rat Path. Not sure if that is still there

I was a freshman on 97, and lived in Rasch Hall. I saw my first real snowfall as a freshman (being from florida, I had never seen real snow). One of the upperclassmen cadets took me outside and "instructed" me on how to make properly make and throw snowballs, make snow angels. We borrowed a couple of trays from Schultz and we used them to sled down the little hill beeteen the dorms and  Squires. We ended up sliding into the road a few times! Good times!

I hope the tradition of a massive snowball fight between the cadets and civillians on the first night of snow still exists. 

I know Rasch is gone now as well as Schultz. I believe there is an arts builting where Schultz was.

We used to walk all the way over to Schultz from Main Campbell every Tuesday for strombolis when I was a freshman in '92.

Unfortunately, rat path doesn’t exist anymore, neither does Shultz, monteith or Thomas (I lived in both freshman year). The snowball fight is still a thing, however I only got to do it once because there wasn’t really any snow the other 3 years.

can I get a rip in the chat

F

what dorm r u in now

Timmy will not allow any joy this semester

I'll do you one better:

f

You’ll survive

F

I got moved to Johnson lol

F

hii not sure if you’ve been added but we have a gc for Johnsons! Lots of ppl plan stuff together through there so if u wanna meet some ppl i can pm u the invite

F

yes please!!

F

I pm’d you!

F

Cadets vs. Civilians 2025

https://preview.redd.it/sxnrc2ikujie1.jpeg?width=4032&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=f35bab74c3168e71e46d5e7c5a46e8cf85824a8c

weather channel covered it

I need an insta360 shot of this please

This footage makes it look like an actual snowball fight, not the massive brawl in the snow it always turned into when I was there.

Memories 😢

“Civilians vs. Civilians”

I like how this screenshot makes it seem like people are rioting because of the snow and the national guard was called in.

Yup. Playing army man in school doesn't make you not-a-civilian. Joining the military does.

Someone from my family thought we were protesting

it’s awesome🦃🦃🦃

“Every year we protest that there haven’t been any snowball fights yet this year. Every year our demands are swiftly met.”

Snowy Drillfield (2018). Hope we get another snow like this one this winter

Considering it’s 2020 it’s probably going to be a bad winter

In the spring of 2009, we got a huge snowstorm. It was at least 14 inches of snow. It was one of the best experiences I had. Back then everybody had recycling bins. We used those as forms to make an igloo. Unfortunately, we never finished because it was exhausting. The snow was wet and heavy. We only built about half of it before my friends attention span and dedication were wiped out. Then we had a small snowball fight in the quad before joining the main snowball fight on the drillfield.

The last thing we did was go to happy wok for food, then back to the dorm for movies. We had two or 3 consecutive snow days. Snow days were incredibly rare back then.

Is the sub just being nostalgic, or is present day VT so bad that we're posting stuff from 2 years ago? I think this is the 3rd post I've seen recently like this haha

Aight who’s makin an igloo w me

I remember 2013.  That was 2 feet of sner.

[deleted]

Is the first snow snowball fight still a thing?

I've heard talk over the past couple months of a heavy-snow winter, but the recent announcement of a La Niña pattern leads me to believe that, at least for our area, snowfall this winter will likely be below average, although this isn't always the case.

[A worthwhile read about La Niña winters in our area](https://roanoke.com/weather/looking-ahead-what-la-nina-might-mean-for-the-roanoke-areas-winter/article_9b281fcc-f42e-11ea-939e-cf5624188278.html)

I like these "better times" VT pics. Perhaps I should share mine from a decade earlier.

212 degrees every day

It’s the year of the monkey paw. You’ll get your snowy drill field. And an extra 6 feet on top of that.

La Niñas usually end up drier around here

Spring Break Snow

Was Snowmageddon or Snowpocalypse the big one that was like on the first day of winter break?

In any case, I spent that night at the airport in Roanoke not because I was stuck waiting on a flight out, but because a friend I had a bit of a crush on convinced me to drive her to the airport in the opening wave of the storm to catch a flight that (in hindsight) obviously wasn't going to happen.

And no, it wasn't on purpose to get stuck in the storm together. She simply wasn't thinking about the circumstances and I was thinking with the wrong head. Poetically, she spent the night on the other side of the security gate with the contents of her carry-on and I was full hobo chic with the clothes on my back and a blanket I found in my car in a corner near the baggage claim.

I never brought up the incident again. I think to this day she thinks I somehow made it back to Blacksburg in the storm.

I remember that winter! This happened my freshman semester and it was so fun! Except my car got snowed in at lane for a month. I had a 1994 camero and it did not want to go in that snow!

yes

I believe this was the March snow.

Should be.

[Shameless plug of a video I made.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p_YR3SXCcys)

When I interviewed the cadet he said there was no snow for a couple years, so the tradition doesn’t die with a couple of bad winters.

I remember my first snowball fight back in the winter of 14/15, got beaned in the skull with an ice ball.  Good times, I really miss that tradition

That would have been December 2009, because my grandfather was died right before that storm

Student at VT accused of sexual assault receives a court win after the university gave him one-day notice of hearing

> "Virginia Tech University violated a male student’s due process rights"

Where is this Virginia Tech University they speak of?  I'm not familiar with it.

Reading the actual complaint: yikes on many several bikes

Reminder that the daily wire is an extremist propaganda outlet

[Here is the actual court case](https://storage.courtlistener.com/recap/gov.uscourts.vawd.122877/gov.uscourts.vawd.122877.109.0.pdf). The Daily Wire is not a good source, but we have been unable to find any other sources.

Edit: Everyone who responded to this comment completely ignored the first sentence. Please read the court document yourself if you don't want to read the Daily Wire.

Reminder that even if you’re pretty heckin sure someone is very guilty of something, don’t toss them a default win by skipping over the basic shit.

Glad the VT student conduct/honors program took an L 

Many students have been abused and overly punished throughout the years by VT’s kangaroo court. Stems from 2007.. since that, VT has been an overly strict regime regarding everything judicial

daily wire on the vt sub put me out of my misery

I honestly cannot take a story seriously if they can't get the damn name right that is there in the damn [style guide](https://brand.vt.edu/communications/university-style-guide.html#about) for the university.

This sub spends way too much energy worrying about this stuff.

The official name for most of its history was vpi & su. But i think the school has officially changed now to vt and/or vatech

Yeah I'd wager the court of /r/AmItheAsshole would rule a unanimous ESH on this one. Who knows what's really true though...

Yeah, we are trying to find a better source lol. [Here is the actual court case](https://storage.courtlistener.com/recap/gov.uscourts.vawd.122877/gov.uscourts.vawd.122877.109.0.pdf), though.

>we have been unable to find any other sources.

Maybe that tells you something. Maybe that's an indicator.

Ha maybe that means it unreliable? Maybe you should wait for a better source? Nah let’s post it on Reddit for rage upvotes and piggy back on someone’s pain!

the daily wire is the only source of information i can find on why trans people are all pedophiles and should be eradicated from our population. where are the other sources?? oh well better post it on reddit

Somewhere around 2002 my brother was kicked out for a semester after being accused of cheating during an exam by an asshole TA. Four or five other people vouched it didn’t happen but didn’t matter.

Has ESPN read this? Lmao the amount of Va Tech's I've seen during games.

Ah looked at the Daily Wire's about page. Makes sense now.

Am I missing something, it says right here,
"Our official name is Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University but "Virginia Tech" is used in all but formal occasions. Virginia Tech is used in news releases, feature articles, academic journals, and publications and on the Web." Is it the university part you guys are saying is wrong?

Very little of what you said is correct.

What I was pointing out was that the article incorrectly referred to us as "Virginia Tech University".  There is no such place.

Currently, our formal name is "Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University", more commonly known as "Virginia Tech".  We are not "Virginia Tech University".  (This is not Texas Tech, whose legal name actually is "Texas Tech University".)

The school has only been Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University since 1970 (54 years).  We were founded in 1872.  So for the first 98 years, we had other names.

What a garbage case he has. 4 times dismissed, most of the original claims dismissed with prejudice. At least one previous incident leading to an NCO against him. Conspiracy theories about his shitty research professor puppeteering the honor court case (????). Does not look great on him. The honor court system at VT definitely has some severe flaws, but this dude reeks of being a creep with lawyer money.

Why don't you read the actual court document in the first sentence then, lol

Why don't you read the actual court document in the first sentence then, lol

Yeah regardless of the content DW is a sham news source.

Correct. It's not VTU.

Class of 98 here when i was there they were first getting big on espn(mike vick era, nit championship) and they announced they would no longer go by vpisu but by vatech. Perhaps only in sports.

He’s definitely a nut job based on his allegations about the faculty but the one day notice for a hearing was 100% malicious by VT and every single person in this country deserves a fair hearing with legal representation and due process.

Ok cool lol, at first I was mad confused.

While that’s true, his allegation that they bypassed due process also seems sketchy. It’s obvious Daily Wire liked it because it suits their false narrative that sexual assault is an overblown problem and that allegations are predominantly used for oppressing men. They also lie about the nature of the ruling - this is not a “court win,” this is him not getting completely dismissed for for 5th time, and even then he caught another dismissal with prejudice in this ruling.

this is true. final ruling will determine what actually happened

>It’s obvious Daily Wire liked it because it suits their false narrative that sexual assault is an overblown problem and that allegations are predominantly used for oppressing men

All true.

Would you also agree that sexual assault is an especially bad problem because it is underreported by all genders, especially men; that there's a societal double standard whereby men-attacking women is bad but women-attacking-men is not-so-bad; that false accusations against men do occur, further eroding trust in the system; and that when a man is accused, justifiably or falsely, he has to prove his innocence rather than have his guilt proven, with a strong probability of his being branded with a scarlet "A"-for-assault forever?

Cry more, fragile little man tears, it's ok! 

Call your mom, she loves you

I agree with the first few but the way you’re saying the last one makes me think you maybe have some uncool opinions about sexual assault.

If you're hanging out in circles where "women attacking men is not so bad" then you need better circles. Or news sources.

hope she sees this bro

VT WBB is ranked #5 in the AP Poll, their highest-ever regular season rank.

soft cable whistle detail mountainous dependent memorize humor direction dam

 *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev/home)*

LET'S GO!!! So excited to see what's to come with the ACCT and March Madness.

It's so amazing that Cassell is now known as a hostile environment for visiting WBB teams. 

Let's go Lady Hokies!

In 3 weeks went from 17 to 13 to 8 to 5...

GO HOKIES!

This team is so special, I’m sad I graduated at the start of their explosion into a top 10 program and can’t go to games now

Damn right we are

Win the ACC and get that #1 seed baby!

Going to games in Cassell, you can tell how much the crowd frustrates and disrupts opposing teams. If only March Madness went through Blacksburg, we’d have our first Natty in no time

LET’S GOOO

Hell yeah 🦃

All that just to get second rounded in the NCAA tournament lmao. Not hating, 5 in the AP poll is outstanding and they should be proud but I’ve watched enough Hokie sports to know how this story ends.

HOKIES!

When you don't know ball

Complete hooligans and were asked by VTPD and various campus employees to stop multiple times but they made me giggle

It wouldn't be enough for the ski resorts up here to even think about opening, but I know three inches would mess up the roads and snarl up traffic something fierce in VA.

This is the type of energy we needed on campus

Why would the cops ask them to stop?

These guys showed me their sign while I saw driving the bus, so I had to give them the thumbs up

That’s one way to get girls to talk to you 🤷🏽‍♂️

They cracked me up on my way to class, and then even more when I saw the cop walk up to them

I WALKED THEM WHILE THE COPS WERE TALKING TO THEM HAHAHAHAH

It's the cowboy hats that really sells the vibe for me.

okay that’s cool and all but IS 3 inches enough 😳

[deleted]

Small …. energy

Aye.  Funny yet harmless.

Maybe the sign was making them insecure about their two inchers?

Stuff like this happened on campus pretty often pre-COVID, it’s usually frat pledges doing it. One of the funnier ones I remember is a debate table set up on the Drillfield with a huge sign that said “girls don’t poop—change my mind”

pov: can't handle a couple goons being goons

This is relatively harmless compared to a loud or rowdy party so I'm fine with this is it means fewer drunk people puking outside my window.

This comment has been overwritten in response to Reddit's limitations on third party API access.

environmental policy and planning major, yet still hasn't touched grass

The type of sign that would make me laugh hard inside and sweat outside while giving a campus tour.

The fuzz should have tried to change their minds then.

https://imgur.com/a/0JnDcWm

Had to go way back in the camera roll for this one

Cool image of my favorite building

Don’t you think we are all tired of seeing photos of Burruss? I hope you don’t think that....because we NEVER get tired of this beautiful piece Hokie heaven!!!!!!!

Beautiful! Reminds me of how much I miss campus.

UVA fell (again). Here’s a hype train for this years bball season.

I’m glad we’re consistently ranked. For so many years we were the bottom of the ACC in basketball 🏀

They closed the off campus Qdoba like a year ago and im still sad about it :(   
also this M.Y.pe train has no brakes

Choo Choo fuck those Hoos

Give me the 🍿

Qdoba ❤️

This is actually really well done

I remember when VT first joined the ACC - The ACC only had a 10 team Conference tournament-
pretty sad when your team cant qualify for its own conference tourney. 

NOT NO MORE THO-

GO HOKIES!

Come a long way from 2-16 in conference my freshman year

[deleted]

The era between Seth and Buzz Williams was the worst as far as I’ve been watching. When I was a student Seth Greenberg put together some good teams and we were always on the bubble. Hoping coach Young can build something lasting and it looks promising (knock on wood, don’t want to jinx anything).

Still.. Fire Fuente.

i mean its all subjective and a literal matter of "taste". IMO Moes has very bad chips, iffy lettuce, and their chicken was so mild in flavor and they never gave enough of it. YMMV of course.

I kept an eye on the James Johnson years and I was wary of Seth being fired (can't remember if he was actually fired, I still remember the 07 team when I was a senior, they also kept coming up short during selection sunday) but I had known of Buzz from listening to Marquette radio online and sort of knew that he would help turn the program around. But yeah, the James Johnson years were pretty lean

Yea my freshman year (06-07) they made the tournament but that was it. Rest was NIT or bubble. Buzz is the type to make a program and bail. It’s sucks. Hopefully coach Young being local is here to stay for a while.

Still.....fire Fuente

VT Women's Soccer are moving on to the ELITE 8

So we do have a good football team lol

Let's go!

I always knew we were a Women's Soccer school!

good stuff!

Let's go kick some ass. GO HOKIES.

Attracting too many women Hey everyone,

I'm a sophomore at Virginia Tech studying computer science.

Every time I go to a bar, party, or any social event in general, I try my best to avoid telling people what school I go to. Every time I tell women I'm a VT student they start hitting on me.

Last week I went to a friend's birthday party. Told his sister I go to Tech. She kept asking me "Can you take me to Johnson Hall?" and "Are you with HokieBird?" in a flirtatious manner.

This is a recurring problem. It's gotten so bad that I tell women I "go to UVA" so they will stop hitting on me all the time.

Any advice on how to stop attracting so many women as a proud Hokie?

Joke about UNIX.  Discuss your new Warhammer 40k build.  Double major in engineering.  All should help.  Good luck, and go Hokies!

Wake up from your dream

[deleted]

Tell her you're a magician, and ask "wanna see a card trick?"....

edited - corrected typo

This is just copy paste and edit from several other post, how original. But I do look forward to seeing you on the r/LinkedInLunatics in the future.

Do NOT bring up your are in CS or any stem degree. It will get 20x worse

Bro is suffering from success.

Can’t tell whether this is a shitpost or not……

10/10 Joke my guy. Gave me my morning chuckle.

Sorry, it's just par for the course.  Should've gone to Liberty if you wanted to stay on the righteous path.

As a guy who went to VT, I got laid all the damn time. Coincidence, I think not.

Wake up

It is a burden you have to live with, brother Hokie.

\*pinch\*

I seriously doubt this. But if it is the case it's because of your looks and personality also. Girls don't like mean ugly men no matter the major

LOL

😭😭😭

Yo fuck that you seriously complaining about woman trying to throw pussy at you?! The world is lost you might as well quit school now

Fart really loudly

me when I lie

Probably not that you're from VA tech makes you attractive, you're most likely already attractive VA tech probably makes the deal better though and it's a conversation starter. Post seems like a humble brag though oh nooo the women hit on me too much, whatever will I say except that I'm from uva

Yeah, I live here. No one is attracted to you for being a Hokie.

Hey it’s me, a UVA student. They’ll leave you alone because our school is 60% female, so they know you’ve got enough on your plate at Cville 😎

As an avid 40K enjoyer I can confirm, easiest way to get rid of women is to be into this hobby.

> Joke about UNIX.

    look; gawk; find; sed; talk; grep; touch; finger; find; flex; unzip; head; tail; mount; workbone; fsck; yes; gasp; fsck; more; yes; yes; eject; umount; makeclean; zip; split; done; exit:xargs!!;

If you're not explaining free software to a girl at a bar, you're doing it wrong.

Idk, my wife loves when I talk about my new triple land raider redeemer Iron Hands list. But she’s unconvinced I’m gonna do well in primary scoring 😞

A finance professor (Dr. Keowan) once described a finance undergrad chatting up the accounting major.

“What’s your favorite amortization table?”

He didn’t get far.

So true. Actually it is a dream within a dream

Maybe if it were funny.

thank you 🙏😭

It is. I saw it on several other subreddits

Chokie girls are so damn easy.

60% is incredible!

[deleted]

Jokes on you I pulled my girlfriend telling her about my imperial guard home brew

That’s it.  More UNIX means more eunuchs.

Us nerds think it's hilarious

00101010110011100101010!

Found the UVaids fan

Or original

JMU girls were even easier!

Why y’all downvoting me lol, come on over! Just make sure to bring some dining hall food with you cuz you don’t want ours

Well yeah, you’re Superman. They’ll take the hobby because the rest is pretty much as irresistible as your eyes.

Who won the Commonwealth clash cup this year huh?

You have -3 likes, big deal.  I know a guy...

I went to ODU bud, don’t follow any college sports because why would I they’re boring as fuck. I just like talking shit. You think your schools better because you won a sports game?

Yea I’m joking, I know it’s cuz of uva mentioned lol, get the guy and we can have a lawn party 🎉

Nah, i just know it means a lot to them..

There's this guy in the /UVA thread who has like -137 likes.  Apparently, he made a lot of people in the community mad regarding a CBS-19 local report about an assault that happened on the Corner.  It's crazy.

Yeah i don’t know if you read the contents of the thread (hopefully it was deleted), he was saying that the victim, who suffered internal bleeding among other injuries was part of a false flag operation. 🤦🤦‍♀️🤦‍♂️

Class of 2023 will be the last one to have attended college prepandemic

My class 🙏🏼

hey us December 2020s didn't get a real graduation lol

me graduating a year early fr made college feel like it lasted 2 seconds.

Good ol freshman days

Lol you’re assuming I’m graduating in four years haha

Congrats?!

*Our class ⚒️

Sorry bro

Lol I understand some majors like architecture take 5 years, not four

Nah I’m just an idiot in engineering lol

Well I'm also engineering and I can understand lol

A serious question Hi all! So, I’m an incoming freshman and I’m interested in learning about some of the architecture on campus. The building that stuck out most on my tour was the Moss Arts Center, which has some good reading material on it. However, I was wondering if anyone had a better suggestion for buildings to learn about or if this is a good one to start with. I’d really love to have something fun to read over the summer, since I’m spending the rest of my time learning how to build a custom drill tip (I want to be a Mechanical Engineer!).

Essentially, what I’m asking is: as an incoming freshman, would a MAC book be good while studying bit?

Lmao got me good.

Had me in the first half

Damn I was getting excited

Oh man - I graduated from Tech 12 years ago and was part of an art team that helped create an architectural visualization for the art center to help get funding to build the building. I was all excited to send you links to the video until I got to the end there. Nicely done, nicely done 👍

New VT president right here

I think you mean custom drill BIT

Simple answer to that: 25

They had us in the first half, not gonna lie

Only if you add cheese, Macs without cheese are bad.

I work in an office with 20 VT grads and our slack is currently rolling on the floor rn. Well played, well played.

If I wasn't so broke I would give you an award

This the one

Lmfao

No

Drop the link for this nerd 👀

Well now I kinda feel obligated to watch the video. Maybe I’ll learn some fun facts!

My first decree will be to replace all parking on campus with reserved spots only for BIT majors with MacBooks

the answer is always 42

Here you go! Not sure how much of this actually happened. I left campus before it was built and haven't gotten a chance to see the building myself. I was part of the undergrad animation team on this video :) https://vimeo.com/8091401

Thank you!

Hokies beat UVA 80-78 in 2OT!

Double pleasure of beating UVA and giving us that quality win to get into March Madness

LET'S GO DANCING

[Hand of God](http://i.imgur.com/tpFrm9x.jpg)

Good stuff

Put on your shoes, we're going dancing boys!!

We should go 1-1 every year. Woo!

loluva is transcendent

Ok so I saw Clarke was back on the bench during OT but he didn't come back on the court and had something on his leg. Anybody watching on TV know what happened to him?

HOLY SHIT THAT'S ONE OF THE BEST GAMES I'VE BEEN TOO SINCE I'VE BEEN HERE. FOOTBALL INCLUDED. 

FUCK UVA

https://twitter.com/sportschannel8/status/830956568250351617

Hell of a game!!!

UVA fans right now: http://i.imgur.com/jSxDAhu.jpg

We gotta be safely in now

A very VT kind of end.

Think you can get a bigger version? To trade, I give you [VT FSU 2011](http://i.imgur.com/o0b3Ji8.jpg), at 4.7 seconds VT reclaimed the win at 52-51, followed by FSU's two-pointer at 0 seconds. The buzzer gave them the points, the high angle gave them the points, but the ball was still in his hands according to the clock and backlights.

Hopefully nothing more than a meniscus tear. MRI tomorrow.

You probably could have left it at the first part

If the tourney was to start today, we're in, but there's still enough basketball left for us to screw this up. We've got 6 more ACC games left - if we don't want to risk being on the wrong side of the bubble again I think we need to at least split those games and finish .500 in the ACC. Outside of Louisville, the other 5 teams are all 6-6 or worse in the ACC. If we go 2-4 in that stretch, which would include some sub-50 RPI losses, we may have to leave those dancing shoes hung up for another season.

An oldie, but a goodie.

In 4 years, there will be freshmen who weren't alive the last time UVA beat us at football.

Friendly reminder that 5000 days since UVA’s last win in football over VT is Monday

[deleted]

That seems awfully presumptive.

This is all your fault now

It's not from a real school.  You're right about there not being a school with that name.  Also, note the room number - it's the year VT was founded.

Setup or not, it's funny.

No clue. I was reorganizing about 60,000 photos of mine and saw this from years back, thought it was funny, and thought I'd post it. Can't even remember where it originally came from.

Edit: Apparently [this](https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/school-rivalry/) is the origin. Thanks /u/smooshie. A Toronto Maple Leafs ad.

Original was an advertisement for the Toronto Leafs: https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/school-rivalry/

It’s also room 1872 so that’s another hint it’s a fake.

Let's just say, I feel better about the chance of us not ever having to lose to UVA again because we'll all be molten radioactive ash from North Korea than it actually happening in that timeframe.

Not really, unless Mendenhall magically gets a decent recruiting staff. [It's pretty bad when your coach is even saying 2/3 of you guys can't really hold your own in this conference.](https://www.richmond.com/sports/college/schools/university-virginia/uva-football-coach-bronco-mendenhall-notes-team-s-limited-talent/article_b60a8697-0dc2-5c82-93a4-92ba46c2e57b.html)

I mean, I hear that, but you're tempting tbt wrath of the Whatever from high atop the Thing.

WE WON 61-60 http://www.espn.com/mens-college-basketball/game?gameId=400986255

LET'S GO

well that was a roller coaster of emotion. go hokies!!!!!

GO TECH GOOOOOOO

Isn't this the third straight year VT has beaten UVA at least once?  (And two in which UVA was in the top 5?)  And this time in C'ville?

I don't want to hear anymore "wait until basketball season" from the UVA people, try beating VT in football for once.

I threw up for my boys. If they can sweat and bleed for me I can drink and vomit for them.

Is this the biggest win in Virginia Tech basketball history? It's gotta be up there.

Denying UVA its first #1 ranking in 35 years also.  For now, at least.

Football and basketball, what's next? Bass fishing?

Hearing that stadium go from rachous to silent was so satisfying :)

WAit TiLL BasKetBAll SeAson!

Great win, love the determination at the end of overtime. Great day to be a Hokie!

HHHHUUUUUUGGGGEEEE WIN!

We dancing

Watched the game in a restaurant in Christiansburg and when the clock hit 0 the whole restaurant started a let’s go hokies chant. Man I love this school!

Just like always. It’s good to be a hokie :)

Just like football!!

**yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaas**

HOKIES!!!!!

Heart was increasing exponentially all the way through the end. LETS GO HOKIES!

So often we experience that.  I think Cheney’s heart is in  better shape...

It wouldn't be Hokie ~~football~~ sports if you didn't have a heart attack every week.

I fully agree, UVA needs to beat us in football if they want to have the “edge” on us.

Was Buzz a good hire? 🤔🤔🤔

Just because we beat them 13 straight years..  and I’ve seen the last 10 in person..  
but in 11 I temper the “just like football” chants at home.  Of course my car got stuck in the cage in that game.

Ut Prosim

Might be the biggest road win - I recall a win over #1 UNC my freshman year (05-06 season), but that was at home.

Quite possibly. Facing #2 on the road, with the Gameday crew? Eat your heart of Greenberg ;)

Definitely not. Top 5 though. We beat number one Duke in 2011, number one Wake Forest in 2009, number one UNC in 2007, number one Memphis in 1983. This win might've been bigger than some of those, but it definitely doesn't top Duke in 2011 IMO. Also went to the Elite Eight in 1967, so the win in the Sweet 16 was maybe bigger than this as well.

It would be insane if we could beat them in Lacrosse. But for multiple reasons that's not going to happen.

*raucous

wE cRuShEd ThEm aT cAsSeLl

Dont jinx it!

You seen the rest of our schedule? We are in for a rough ride. It is entirely possible we just lose out. Louisville and GT are the hopefuls and the rest are going to be hard.

According to TSL he should be on the hot seat

Is this English

You deserve all the votes

True. I want to say we beat Duke as #1 before. But considering UVA was undefeated in the ACC, it's a rivalry game, and on the road, I want to give this one the edge.

Yeah. Primetime ESPN with everyone watching.

Reasons why tonight was the best win in school history  
1) Rivalry  
2) vs. The consensus best team in the country (undefeated in ACC!)who people this morning were saying would win the national title  
3) Primetime ESPN with college gameday  
4) In major need of a signature win  
5) ON THE ROAD  

Some of the games you mentioned fit some of that criteria but none fit all of it. And making the sweet 16 today might be better, but in the 60s the tournament wasn't a huge deal.

Weird, my phone didn't autocorrect to that. Bad phone.

It was. Though under the influence of a few shots of wild turkey.

This is effectively a win over the #1 too, seeing that Nova lost earlier in the week and UVA was set to take that spot in the next rankings. All I heard this week was "we're gonna be #1 for the first time since Sampson played!"

beat #1 Duke at home in 2010, iirc

It's so easy to say that 30 minutes after a big win, but I really disagree. Duke was the defending national champions when they lost to us in 2011. Unlike UVA tonight, they were actually the consensus best team in the country. They had been the top team in the rankings for 10+ weeks that season prior to their loss to us. UVA hasn't topped #2 all season. They've been the 'consensus best team in the country' for three days. 

The win meant more in 2011, too. It was our last chance for a big win before the tournament. This season we still have three ranked teams on our schedule. This wasn't a must win in that respect. 

I'm thrilled for the win, but in a few years I think this won't even be an argument.

I think it was 2011...i was there and it was the best game I've ever been to

I was there. We rushed the court and I high fives Dickie V

If that Duke win would've cemented us in the tourney the way we all thought, then yes, that would arguably be the best victory. But we missed out so it's importance didn't hold up as much as it should've. This UVA victory feels huge.

Except how EVEN WITH THE LOSS last night, the selection committee just named UVA as their overall number one.

It was the 2010-2011 season yeah.

I was at the game we beat them I 10 or 11 at home.  Chants them were “just like football”.

Gotta keep warm!

I'm not saying this sub should be flooded with Hokie dogs, but we do need more Hokie dog pics, imo. 

Fuck it, this sub should be flooded with Hokie dogs.

cute dog lol

Yes

Stay classy vt

Glad to see the big plant is off to a good start

Is that a limb or a young tree?

Dude didn’t just shit a log, mans shat a whole tree

I know it was a prank but what is it with trees growing out of toilets?

I see someone had the Thai BBQ chicken at D2 last night. . .

Oh you said you needed TEE-P, I misunderstood

Eggleston bathroom?

Just call it an art installation

Glad to see VT is serious about cutting down on carbon emissions.

Where is this

its a miracle@!!!! wow

That's one way to grow a tree

When I went there we had to flush our own toilet. Besides that nothing has changed.

The trunk looks a little wonky for a whole tree

Vawter

Pretty sure its vawter

saw it on snap  
I think pritchard?

Yeah hope so. Otherwise it's a dickish thing to do. Trees are expensive at that height.

Vawter me and my friends just visited it in person lol

Blacksburg sunrises just hit differently

Taken on the Huckleberry Trail just west of 460

*NRV sunrises! 
I looked out my kitchen window in Cburg this morning and it was glorious, all that pink. I've lived many places, but we have the very best sunrises.

Our sunsets have more school spirit than your student

I did my runs on the Huckleberry Trail basically just for this. Sunsets though, heading back to campus in the evenings. Either way you can't lose.

makes me almost forget about the end of that game today 😭😭

bruh huckleberry can be so scenic, once with my family we saw hundreds upon hundreds of starlings flying out of a field near the trail. They formed a cloud before disappearing back into the grasses many times. With the sunset it was just breathtaking.

Agreed! I see a lot of sunrises on my morning runs and this is one of the better ones!

Made an awesome new VT logo in appreciation of #givingday!

Let me guess. . .your new VT logo cost $25,000 to make and another 2 million to replace the old new logo?

Spamming me with emails about it doesn't put me in a very giving mood. Just annoys me and makes me unsubscribe.

[deleted]

I nominate this for the new banner image.

They have a fee for everything. It’s ridiculous.

Matt, is that you??? :o

Dude, you gotta warn me. Coffee almost left my damn mouth.

This is great but maybe a slight change? I know VT is about making budding young adults into professionals after their education. Sort of like creating a great future. Maybe change the Pay Us part to something cool like "Invent the Future". Idk I think it would be a great logo.

Straight to the spam folder.

Adjusted for inflation, my tuition was about 5k a year. Doesn't seem too bad

No shit. I must have gotten 8-10 different emails from them about yesterday. I'll continue submitting my money to the athletic fund...at least they reward me with season tickets!

I'm doing PhD work at gwu... you have **nooooooooo** idea what expensive is.

(Somewhere around $1750/credit hr, Tech is nowhere near that)

You're lucky if all you got is emails. Somehow they got my cell number too.

I donated to them several times, actually.

I'm afraid not.

We're not upset about tuition and fees (well, we are, but this isn't in reaction to that).  We're upset because the university actually solicited current students to donate to the university. They didn't even have the courtesy to wait till we graduate and can start paying off our student loans.

You're paying for your PhD?

Tech paid me to get mine.

(540) 231-xxxx = nope

My parents got a call to donate my first week as a freshman. They guy talked to my mom for a few minutes and she was excited to tell them I was liking Tech. Once he said “so i can put you down for $1,000” she said no and hung up

It's been a while (12 yrs... damn) but does Tech have a "voluntary library donation" that you have to physically call to get removed?

Not completely but I can only arrange part-time and that doesn't mesh well when it comes to grants. On the plus side, I'm given more leeway when it comes to publishing.

Were you full time?

"I'm sorry I'm in the middle of something right now. Could you call back after I've blocked this number? K thx."

I wish I had an answer, but I do not know.

Exactly. When I saw this at VT, I immediately thought of GWs library donation and penchant to ask students, employees, and student-employees for money every day.

when doing a PhD, given leeway with publishing isn't necessarily a good thing. Don't you want to be published?

Welcome to GWU. I miss Tech.

Of course, I am currently working on finishing up a paper for submission.  I mean in regards to number per year.  

Gets difficult when you have a wife, mortgage, autistic son, and a full-time job on a high-profile project.

I'm actually quite greatful that I am given that little bit of wiggle room

Roommate waged a prank war with our neighbors. After a particularly devious prank, the neighbors waited when he wasn’t in the suite and put his bed in the bathroom in retaliation

Yooo this is a different mindset

One of my friends got their hokie p microwaved in a prank war

I feel really guilty laughing my depressed ass off this. Thanks for this unexpected bit of laughter

yo if this PY suite 370 that's where I lived my freshman year

Plenty of showers were taken just chilling on the handicap seat

PY or New Res?

Good, but nothing beats the guys on my floor who stole a jerk’s door at WAJ and took it outside. After the jerk had taken the doors off the guy’s cabinet.

i did this but put my mates bed in the elevator

"After a particularly devious prank, the neighbors waited when he wasn’t in the suite and put his bed in the bathroom in retaliation"

What was the original prank that instigated this?

Tim Sands approves

Return the favor and liquid nail the wood together
the real prank will be when they try to take it down.

What is your suite number I need to come see this for myself

this is some top tier fuckery

This is the way.

[removed]

[deleted]

Pretty sure that's a war crime

lol, love to hear that !

roommate secretly applied icy hot onto their underwear while they showered for a week straight and had them thinking there was something medically wrong with them. no real damage done other than physiologically

Sus

:(

PSA for those eating on campus Yes, I know the long wait times suck.

And yes, 2 hours is unacceptable as a wait time. 

We are INCREDIBLY understaffed. Senior employees are leaving because of our job security. We have 0 gurantee of a job if corona spreads. Our job could be gone tomorrow, in a week, a month etc. The idea behind the grubhub ordering is you order your food, and wait OUTSIDE of the dining hall. We have had tons of freshmen order and stand inside waiting. This is leading to incredibly crowded dining centers. Please please please have patience with us as it’s very stressful on us when the grubhub machine prints out 20 receipts in 3 minutes. 

Most importantly, stay safe hokies!

I want to add, download grubhub on your phone and order IN YOUR DORM. This is sooooo comfortable and you waste no time. Then, when the food is ready, you can walk to the hall. Good post nonetheless.

God bless y’all- from one ex food service worker

How much are they paying dining workers this semester

The admin needs to get creative to solve problems. Better pay, order pizzas, sandwiches  or catering for LLCs to offload dining services Schedule extra trash pickups (and consider the environmental problems!!)
And pay workers better. The cost of meal plans is $$ and they gotta do better than this, like starting today.

Thank you for all your hard work!

Gives a serious idea on how poorly this school is managing this crisis. 

Thanks for your hard work.

As someone who works in dining, this first day was a heavily mixed bag. Most people being chill, actually distancing in line. At the same time, we had about 15 people huddled around the Grubhub pickup at one point and our Manager had to go out to break them up.


Additionally (this is over at Qdoba) those big plastic barriers make it nearly impossible to hear you guys at all so just be aware of that. Its been one shift and my voice is already raw from having to practically yell for over five hours.


Most of you are doing great and I really appreciate it, and like others have said, you can just order on Grubhub from your dorm and come pick it up when it says it is ready so you can get other stuff done.  Appreciate you guys, just remember we are only human too

they've also let a slew of catering jobs go as well. so sorry you have to go through this :(

[deleted]

Those dang freshman and their...desire to eat...

(Also thank you to all dining hall workers for hard work and perseverance with the tough working situation/conditions because of covid)

Hi! I work at ABP in Squires! Please please please order your food way early. We’ve all been held up over an hour after closing because people ordered up until the minute we closed, knowing there was a really long wait. We’ve got like 5 people on shift who cook and prep meals for you guys and we cannot handle when all of the freshman order food at the same time. Also, please remember to pick up your food, we had 6 hour old food by the time we closed today and it was super frustrating for us. We are doing our best to handle the new system but we’re mostly students and absolutely not prepared for this all either. Also! During the major mealtimes, Grubhub tends to die and cancel/delete orders, and there’s nothing we can do about it. We’re doing our best and we appreciate your patience, most of us are on our feet without a break for the full 5+ hours we’re on shift, and we know it takes us a hot minute to get things ready.

Hopefully it will be all better by sometime. It’s not unusual at the beginning of the semester for freshmen anyway but with the current unprecedented situation it’s tough.🙏

God bless y’all 
-Benny’s employee of 4 years

Same goes to downtown restaurants, we are super understaffed...and by we I mean a lot of the stores I'm involved in.

Also, y'all better be tipping

This has to be the best way. It sucks, but if you know you want to eat at 6, log on at 5 and order (or earlier if necessary). Order from class if you’re in class. There’s no reason the long wait times have to be wasted time

$10.50 an hour for student employees, not sure about wage/salary employees. There is no hazard pay and we can’t work overtime, so that’s fun.

Just a few years ago they paid the starting student worker minimum wage. Their goal is to raise the starting wage to the living wage in NRV, which was around 11 the last I heard. I worked for dining for several years and they've come a long way with making their pay very competitive with the surrounding market

PTC is always the first to go

They’re not supposed to keep you more than 30 past the end of your shift! Take it easy!
Edit: Dining services is REALLY REALLY trying to get more people. We’re all understaffed. I’m not even working the right position anymore because they didn’t hire people for the job I’ve been doing. Petition to rename the position of packing grubhub orders to fulfillment center? I’ve been calling myself amazon fulfillment for the last week because that’s all I do.

Wage starts at 10.50 as well, salary starts at something like 23k per year.  Some of my salary manager friends have second jobs just to make ends meet

[deleted]

That's a fucking crime you guys should strike

The goal has been for years to get dining to living wage in NRV, which was around 11 a couple years ago. Just a few years ago people were getting paid minimum wage doing some of the same jobs. They also drastically bumped up student management pay (which kinda sucked though cause I lost out on all my raises and only went up 25 cents) and if your dining hall was really struggling with staff, they usually can authorize overtime. That's what we did last year. I can't speak on operations this year as I no longer work for dining but to suggest you arent getting properly compensated for your job I'd say lacks a broader view of what's been happening at dining over the last 5 years

A good hourly full time to salary translation is x20000, so 10.50/hour is 21k, and 23k is equivalent to 11.50/hour.

I’ve considered it, but honestly I’m terrified of driving and the thought of doing it for a living keeps me away.

Ive heard they have had problems in recent years with not enough hours to schedule everybody they hire though

the mandatory drug tests is the only thing keeping me away

They should unionize. Otherwise with a pandemic and no jobs elsewhere that opening will fill quickly.

That sounds about right from my experience. Also, wage workers are considered part time even if they work 40/wk, they just can't go over 1500 hours each year and don't get benefits

unionizing for a state job is illegal, trust me i tried lol

Yeah, part time, it doesn't translate as cleanly, but you can still get a rough equivalent for "money/time worked"

You dont need a union to join organize a bunch of people and set a time to walk out of work, you just need groupme

Striking is also illegal for state jobs. However they are allowed to picket off hours.

So they'd just arrest a bunch of student workers protesting work conditions and pay during covid?

you can still do a wildcat strike.

No they’ll probably terminate you unless you really have them by the balls. You gotta be really careful suggesting to people stuff that can really land then in hot water! Know your rights. Reach out to new river workers power if youre really interested in labor action.

Yes but it’s important everyone knows their rights, the risks they are taking, and proper precaution and organizational techniques are taken. Making ANY strike in this backwards ass state is pretty god damn difficult these days none the less a wild cat strike. They’re not exactly common but more power to these folks

Now, if dining halls are half as understaffed as they've been the past 3 or 4 years (and I suspect they're worse), getting this kind of leverage should be easy. But yeah, 100% reach out to NR Workers Power if you're looking to organise; they're good folk and seem to know what they're doing.

Based on the picture from yesterday and the comments I've seen about them being understaffed, if they could organize they'd have them by the balls for sure.

díng bōōng

stop requested

I see you’re coping well with this part of the semester

Now approaching: l i t t o n - r e e v e s

"Time Check"

"University Mall... *and Math Emporium!*"

Not sure if UCB still does that one or not.

Fssswhssssss

# WE ARE NOW APPROACHING CASSELL COLISEUM

Tom’s Crick

now approaching... squires westbound... time check

Relatable

[deleted]

Oh y'all ain't ready for the banshee scream while one particular PHD turns anywhere

"Thank you!"

Now a-pproaching. Bur-rus ha^ll

HOCKEY EXPRESS

Depending on the bus you might not get the bōōng :(

NEXT STOP FAIRFAX ROAD- TIME CHECK

⚠️ CAUTION ⚠️ BUS. IS. TURNING

It does as of ~an hour ago

> "University Mall... and Math Emporium!"

20 years later that place still gives me nightmares

Most people taking UCB are going there for the Math Empo so yeah.

[deleted]

This bus is meant to hold 8000 people KEEP MOVING

It does as of ~10 minutes ago

Because UMS isn't running

Nice flair

I appreciate these near-real time updates

It’s been almost an hour. Need another update.

Approaching Burruss right now.

Will it ever end?

Cries in Tom’s creek lately

No, it will never end as long as they still have parking lots to replace with new buildings.

How many different times can they change Toms Creek in one day??  I’m convinced it’s some sadistic game at this point

Maybe some day they will fix the flooding problems that happen any time it rains

Me when they started doing construction on Holden Hall and closed that walk way between McBryde and Holden 😔

During my campus tour in 2008, I asked the guide if there was always a lot of construction. The answer was "yes".

This is what it was like when I was a freshman at VT in 1968.

is this about something specific?

The way higher ed is in America right now- if you aren’t building you are going backwards. So it’s a good thing.

Plus they try and do the heavy inconvenience construction (road closures) over the summer to minimize impact.

Only Stanger and Perry are closed iirc. But yeah Sands and BoV have shifted into m a x i m u m  o v e r d r i v e with construction.

[deleted]

They can't just change the topography lol

IIRC the GLC and maybe another building or two are built in a floodplain and they would not have be allowed to be built today. Or something like that

I know a BSE prof who has been itching to get funding to fix VT’s run off problems.

Nah just the general construction goin on on campus seemingly always. Like first it’s in my way to get to class, when that’s done and I started my internship an even bigger more inconvenient one started up (rather two sites did, and now a third one in town)

Ik but I work here over summer on campus so it still has me fucked up, I cannot escape it

West campus drive is also partially closed (was supposed to be done 3 weeks ago). That and Stanger makes driving around campus a bit of a headache for me lol. The town is also repaving some streets for no apparent reason…

Both Progress St and Tom's Creek were closed for a good bit. I had no paved way to my apartment for a solid 3-4 days.

Except they skipped the building parking lots step.

Except that parking lots aren’t the future. They’re future-proofing the buildings. Driving your gas powered, carbon emitting cars to school isn’t the way to go. Use the bus or walk/bike.

New buildings can have garages instead which waste less surface level space

Also the GLC is slated for eventual demolition and they are limping it along putting minimal money into it until then

Fair, I kinda assumed we could have piping that redirects the water from most areas around VT (even D2 area and in front of West End both accumulate a lot of water when it rains) into somewhere that can store the water (perhaps a lake or duckpond if it's suitable/safe for duckpond).

I guess that wouldn't work if we were below the level of it though

Apartment Complex "Begin Construction" Speedrun

Fair point. I'm not a Tech student at the moment, but I take the bus most of the time as I'm too far away from town to bike in any useful amount of time. Driving a car into town is pretty useless anyway as downtown and the campus have effectively no good parking.

That being said, my family is 6 hours away, and getting anywhere past Christiansburg is pretty hard with just buses and bikes, so owning a car is still necessary.

Very happy that someone else realizes this point. Hear way too many students complaining about parking being taken away. Buses and bike routes are the future for VT.

Absolutely, but IIRC they're making a lot more buildings than garages at the moment.
       
It's probably fine since Blacksburg is small enough to avoid being car dependent

True. But not necessary to drive to campus. America is still pretty backwards with public transport and reducing the dependency on cars.

Yeah, there are already too many cars on campus during the semester as is. It'll only get worse with a growing student body. If they improve the bus system (hopefully the new facility will do that) they can reduce parking as much as they want

Yeah except the issue here is that they're currently removing parking (looking at you perry street) without beefing up the bus system. There's gonna be a significant lag between removing a lot of close-campus parking and there actually being enough buses to compensate for it.

That's fair. However, the amount of single person vehicles on campus is kind of ridiculous. Bus, carpool, bike, walk, etc. Many people have those options, but just choose to drive. There is probably more than enough room for those who "need to drive."

Which one of you sucks at golf Got my windshield busted by the world’s shittest golfer today parking in the Duck Pond Overflow lot. No note. Initials on the ball are RD (zoom in on the ball to see). If you or your friend absolutely blasted a ball across the road today, please come forward !! Not very ut prosim of you😔

Man, thats too bad. Better than some guy I knew though, he once hit a plane with his golf ball. Twice actually, on the same day.

Damn. What do you do in this situation? I park there often

I suck at golf, but it wasn’t me. Last time I pulled the clubs out was at Top Golf in Richmond a few weeks ago.

If they hit it off the tee box and hit your car they definitely don’t suck that’s a straight up bomb

This is way better than it landing on the roof or hood. Your insurance is likely to cover glass relatively cheaply.

I had a ball narrowly miss me while I was driving on Price's Fork last spring. It's dangerous out there.

Maybe the golfer hit a 300+ yard drive that got taken by the wind. They didn’t know where it landed.

Is it a pro v tho?

I hit one across Prices Fork into the Marriott parking lot back in the 90s before the Alumni Hotel and Conference Center was built.

Ah, Duck Pond overflow. I keep a collection of the golf balls that I found uncomfortably close to my car there.

Back in the day I’ve hit a few out of the course but luckily missed any vehicles. I did skull a flop shot on the practice green into my car one day. That was humbling.

I could only imagine this took a bad asphalt bounce on an absolutely cranked drive from the 1st tee. I bet whoever hit it didn’t even know it hit your car unfortunately, unless it set the alarm off.

That or a very badly sliced fairway iron/hybrid in which case they still likely didn’t see it hit your car

This is most likely negligence and the person who hit the ball isn’t responsible for your repair. Unfortunate but a very good reason to park further away in the overflow lot.

At that point, I think they were aiming for your car.

Same ball or diff ball?

Back when dinosaurs roamed the earth, during my HS years, we had to cover golf as part of the Phys Ed curriculum and had to merely *attempt* to hit 2 balls. 

Instead of going to the field in rear of the school, which would've been safer, but was a pretty far distance to walk, coach figured no one would really be able to connect anyway, so we went to the side of the school, where a highly trafficked highway ran parallel to the front of the school. Some old, tall trees (thick with foliage) blocked the highway, so he figured we were safe. 

Enter me. 

I ripped the first ball and it reached the trees. Coach heard the "thwack" and came over to watch my 2nd swing. 

Second ball, I made an adjustment to my swing, sent it sailing *over* the trees and said golf ball struck a passing 18-wheeler trailer. 😐

Nonetheless, your friend hitting an airplane *twice* is pretty impressive!!

Not that hard to believe if the course was next to an airport. I once golfed at a course literally a few hundred yards from the runway.

Seems like not much can really be done… I went and spoke to the golf shop people (who were no help) and then I filed a police report. I’d hope that the cop will cross check the golfer list with the initials on the ball, but not sure he’ll bother. Would recommend parking on the opposite side of the lot!

Top golf is fun. Most driving ranges/top golf and decent golf courses will have netting to prevent balls hitting cars.

Same, also suck at golf but I suck in Colorado

Seriously that’s at least 270 to the parking lot

This is the correct answer. I had a mystery windshield crack a few months ago. You'll be out maybe 200 bucks. Stinks, especially because 200 bucks is a mountain of gold when you're a student, but could have been much worse.

Hope whoever hooked that ball gets a paper cut between their fingers.

The course needs netting

Two balls, but during the same game

Whats the most impressive is that he knocked both pilots out

Wow, that is impressive. I‘m guessing that the cargo on the 18 wheeler wouldn‘t mind some extra ventilation!

Also I as a tip, not everything you read is true. My plane hitting the planes is *definetly* true, as true as me being being a millionaire but others might be lying 🤫

Wait people actually golf? I thought it was a conspiracy from the lizard people to communicate. Hm

Unless he aimed at your car or did something to qualify as negligence, you are probably out of luck.  As far as the initials go - everyone plays with balls they found , won’t prove anything.  You parked next to a golf course, you assumed the risk.  Your insurance company will pay though.

Even if you find the golfer which is unlikely, you’d have to prove actual negligence on the golfer’s part for them to be truly liable (like they intentionally hit at the parking lot and wasn’t just an errant shot). Plus the ball could’ve been found and played by anyone. 

If anything it would be the course’s negligence you’d go after if the netting is insufficient, but again pretty hard to prove. Just gotta go through your own insurance like a rock hit your window :(

If it was a pretty busy day, it’s going to be very hard to pinpoint which group of golfers were at fault.

Can't you file a claim with the course they have insurance for when their golfers hit buildings in Auburn idk how it works for cars tho

Yea, the net prevents most from getting out of the range itself, I am sure there are a few that sneak by. I am not familiar with the course once campus, but I have been told that there isn’t a driving range there.

Im gonna need you to continue elaborating

Luckily, the driver wasn't hauling wasp nests. 😂 

Also, no worries. Your "plane" secret is safe with me.

Yep, I put any found balls in my bag. It’s a good day when I find more balls than ones I lost 😂

[deleted]

That’s not how that works. You can’t say you parked near a gun range so you assume the risk of getting shot. In this case, the gold course is most likely liable.

Came here to say this. This is the risk you take when parked near a golf course. This is why homeowners insurance is so high for those who live on a golf course because these companies know they’re paying out for windows

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=bsvSYyl_eII&pp=ygUpRmFtaWx5IGd1eSBxdWFnbWlyZSBjYXVzZWQgOS8xMSB3aW1ibGV0b24%3D

I thing the other guy who answered did it pretty well

Anyone with insurance would be pissed too.

You still have to out of pocket a deductible if your insurance doesn’t find anyone else to fault, likely $500 to $1K or something like that.

I mean I have a $500 deductible, that’s kinda a pain to just eat if it’s easy to figure out who did it based on initials. Makes sense that people play with balls they find though, it just one of those sucky things that happen

If someone shoots you with a gun outside a gun range it’s negligence.  The expectation of control of a golf ball is a little different.

Yup. That is based on a true story.

My insurance covers random windshield damage with no deductible. Check with your agent.

Yea but I doubt it was intentional… same as if a truck kicked back a rock. Just a random unfortunate event.

Woe, unopened 1999 Hokie Water be upon ye

Rare Hokie potion

Plague, famine even

OMG hokie water! Do they still sell it? Kids today probably all refillable water bottles as it should be for most times.

Older than me

The reason why our football teams were so good back then.

Back in my day if you wanted water on campus you either get one of these or drink from a water fountain on campus.  Now get off my lawn!

That was Michael Vicks!

What's it taste like

I'll give ya a dollar to drink it.

In 20 more years it will be worth 1 bottle of water

[removed]

I was born 4 months later lol

I didn’t know plastic water bottles was common in the 90s

And they’re testing Flint MI water?

I cast macroplastics

Yes hokie water is still a staple

Seen it at Turner’s and Owens. Also gets given out at events a lot!

How rude of you to make me grapple with my own age. Delete this right now.

Polyethylene terephthalate

[deleted]

Owen’s sells it in aluminum bottles too. Absolutely hilarious

That’s funny af Lmaooo didn’t know that

Virginia Tech students information leaked This is a lot of personal information and I was able to find the info on the darkweb. Scary.

[deleted]

You might consider letting them know it's already available on the web because the rest of the email says "there is no evidence anyone has utilized any of this information."

And yet I still need to 2FA like every 10 minutes to use ARC on an Ethernet connected university machine. Incredible

We need two factor authentication to log in to fucking Canvas, but their strict security apparatus somehow allowed files, without any kind of password or encryption or file lock whatsoever, with sensitive details about every Virginia Tech student to be posted publicly on the internet? The printers at the library have more security than our FERPA info.

Ah the amount of people who have no idea how universities work. Yeah it’s unfortunate, was probably picked up by a phishing attack on that workstation. But there isn’t really anything real bad in the list of things they put out, most of that info is already public record or is picked up by the data aggregator companies that you use every day. Yeah it’s a screw up and yeah it’ll probably end up costing tech some money. But that student data would have likely been on that workstation and unencrypted for some business purpose anyway so wether it was unencrypted at that exact moment is irrelevant. 

Anywho y’all would have an absolute fit if you realized how many people actually have access to that data within the university

can i get any compensation from this?

So somebody upgraded the Hokie Stalker System?

hah is hokiestalker still a thing?

oof

[deleted]

We’re a tech school, we pay a shit ton of money, the government gives them a shit to  of money, they make nearly a **billion dollars** a year, and yet they can’t even get past 500GB 3.5” SATA HDDs, have the wifi working, or keep our data secured.


~~Thank goodness they’re building a bigass transit station that does absolutely nothing for most students, instead of fixing the fucking wifi or something. It says **“TECH”** in the name it should have working tech, ffs.~~


Then again, the average starting salary for of us is so high, it might be worth it in the end…

When I was first a student at Tech I discovered that my name, number, email, current address, etc. were all public on the VT website if you searched my name. I had to go searching around my online profile to change my privacy settings. Not to mention that as soon as I became a student I started getting pretty significant numbers of spam calls when I never had before.

This is all just data readily available on the internet.

the info they posted in the email didn’t seem that crucial in terms of what seems already fairly available, is there crucial personal info that got leaked? like passwords etc?

Worst thing to ever happen. Let this date forever be remembered in honor of how stupid the student affairs office is

No SSN, who cares lol. China already has all this data on us btw

The only thing worrying about this is local addresses. Everything else was already out there with some decent osint. The convenience factor of all of this though might inspire some bad actors but as long as you stay under the radar it’s not terrible. Although, highly unprofessional for a tech school and if this gets public it’s embarrassing for us.

It’s specifically a dining services breech…..

Just dining staff not all students

Is this connected with the MoveiT hack? If yes, anyone who was treated at Montgomery HCA data was also leaked.

China?

Funny for how advanced a school this is they suck, suck suck suck absolutely suuuuuuuuuuuck at anything to do with computers. My 12 year old can make better websites than everything I've used that VT has written.

It’s a good day to be going to Purdue University… boiler up

How do we sue the school

Police did it

Welp there goes my info🤷🏻...I guess it's a good thing I'm in a Cyber job

Oops!

[deleted]

What exactly is the dark web?  I lowkey thought Reddit was the dark web.  What do people want with this information, and how can they use it?

[deleted]

Thank goodness.

SSNs were removed as something searchable for almost all users a long time ago.  The Hokie passport number was put in for everyone.  That’s why an alum calling to get an account often has to do an extra loop the the alumni office so that that can find out what that 90 number is

[deleted]

I work at ARC. If you're using the regular clusters, then this should not happen. SSH-keys can make connections much faster and easier and satisfy the VT multi-factor requirement. The CUI cluster, however, does have an idle-timeout, but this control is required by federal law for the type of data and software on that system. You can come to office hours [https://arc.vt.edu/office-hours](https://arc.vt.edu/office-hours) or submit a help request [https://4help.vt.edu](https://4help.vt.edu) to get more info or discuss what's happening.

The email I got says it’s only dinning service students but that’s still a big hole in the system

Auxiliary services like dining and parking is often exempt from all kinds of security shit. Most of the time dining is even outsourced. That’s because it’s a cash cow for the university and no one wants to inconvenience them.

We need 2fa on Canvas, tho

As someone who used Canvas for their college (not at VT, though) 2FA for Canvas sounds extremely ridiculous.

Someone would have to start a class action lawsuit.

[deleted]

Yeah, but they revamped the security  a lot after 07

Email says *"The compromised files contained demographic data including your legal first and last name, preferred name, Banner ID (90 number), PID, e-mail address, ethnicity, primary college, gender, student classification (freshmen, sophomore, junior, senior), level (associate, undergraduate, graduate, professional, or medical), residency (in-state or out-of-state), local mailing address, fall and winter term enrollment indicator, and a designator to indicate transfer student, international student, first generation student, and/or veteran. "*

Why would Dining Services keep all of that information on a Google sheet for a reference guide?

For what it’s worth, the MMTF is being funded by Blacksburg Transit. BT is a department of the Town of Blacksburg, not VT.

It remains to be seen if the MMTF will make the routes less useful on campus, but it will certainly make transfers easier. So that provides value to many students and the community.

That may be true, but I think it's still a FERPA violation or screw up?

not the worst thing to happen on this day ever just saying

If this gets public?

1312

It can be used for a lot of things. I could be wrong but the main 2 uses are identity theft or osint. Although idk if data leaks count as osint. There are databases where you can search through data leaks with a name, username, email, and phone number. You could then use whatever information you find to steal their identity or to find them.

Alum here. Also received notification.

They switched our pids to the new format way back in the day. I don't think anyone still has an ssn as a pid in the system.

VT WBB defeats SD State, advances to second Sweet 16 in Program history!

Dominant first half. Second half got a little sketchy but they never let it get too close, Tennessee will be a tough test assuming they get there but this team is hot

One of the single best teams (regardless of sport) in Virginia Tech history. Absolutely incredible to witness.

We beat Tennessee 59-56 in Knoxville back in December. If we play well it is definitely doable.

Did anyone else feel like the refs were ridiculous?

It felt like SD was mauling our girls and not getting called, while we were called on everything under the sun.

Since the ACC tournament we play so well and then in the second half things seem close but we end up winning by double digits anyway, so I always wonder if I am just overly nervous for no reason

They were without their best player. Will be a tough challenge.

There was one play that you see the SDSU player's foot out-of-bounce all the way from the student section yet it wasn't called

Yeah Liz was getting hacked every time she touched the ball

Yeah I don't think it helps that we really only play 6 players major minutes but it's not like it's been a disaster or anything obviously

MIKE YOUNG APPRECIATION THREAD [JUST BEAT 3RD RANKED VILLANOVA 81-73 IN OT.](https://www.espn.com/mens-college-basketball/game?gameId=401255593) 

WE A BASKETBALL SCHOOL NOW. WOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!

Friendship ended with Justin Fuente. Mike Young is my new best friend.

Let’s gooooo!!! Popcorn man does it again

INJECT MIKE YOUNG RIGHT INTO MY VEINS

It’s actually not a joke anymore saying VT is a basketball school

This is what winning is supposed to feel like ....Let’s Go!

It's crazy that we'll beat the no. 3 team in basketball and football in back-to-back weeks (jk I have no faith in Fuente). But, most impressive thing about this win is we found out at about 2 am we would be playing Villanova instead of Temple, so we had almost no time to prepare vs a team that, on paper, should beat us.

Do yourselves a favor and check out the replies to the final score posting on Villanova basketball’s final score tweet

Absolute subscribe

Good stuff

VT doing pretty well against Top 3 teams recently:

[https://twitter.com/ESPNStatsInfo/status/1332892147507482624](https://twitter.com/ESPNStatsInfo/status/1332892147507482624)

Thanksgiving buff paid off

Finally something to feel good about

Weird, if you Google the game it still says we are in overtime.

There’s a reason basketball season is my favorite time of year

Got another game tonight let’s not lose focus

Let’s be honest here, how long has it been since any of us has been friends with Fuente?

amen bro amen

Why’s he called popcorn man

That’s why I enjoyed this win a lot. With no prep time, it all comes down to talent and game-time adjustments. Villanova has the more talented players but we were still able to pull it out

Oh my god lmaoooooo what hilarious fucking dickheads

If we come playing like we did last night then we should pull out another W. 8pm ESPN 2! Let’s go Hokies!!

2016. Jerod Evans was the last good qb we’ve had.

He eats popcorn a lot before games

https://virginiatech.sportswar.com/post_images/vtbasketball/00/00/00/13/41/73/69/13417369_3.jpg

Big popcorn guy

i would love to know what the locker room was like leading up to this. 

sometimes when you know you don’t have the proper prep time it’s about sticking to what you know. and clearly the guys just went out there and put in the work and stayed focused. it was enough.

I don't get it. I get the mike young stuff but what's with the roster photos of our guys and the pics of aluma's tie?

Yep they did

It is before every game during warmup and shoot-a-round. He grabs a bag of popcorn and he even ranks which coliseums have the best popcorn.

It's just shitposting because those guys balled out

VT Twitter does that after every win. They always spam pics in the opposing teams final score post. It definitely doesn't make us any friends and there are a lot of national championship jabs but who needs friends?

Where are his rankings?

He talked about it in an interview with hokiesports.I don't know if he said who had the best but Tech changed from prebagged plastic to fresh popcorn after he got to VT if that says anything.

Finally spotted the elusive otter at the duck pond yesterday after 2 years of hoping to see it. Day made! Please excuse the tiny voice. I was with my 3 year old daughter :)

[deleted]

The tiny voice made this video 10 times better

I didn’t realize the otter was still living in the duck pond. Super cool!

[deleted]

What does he eat?

[deleted]

Yes! That’s exactly what I meant!

Hahah thank you. It’s a pretty darn cute voice

I wasn’t sure either. We just went to feed the ducks and enjoy the weather, and I secretly hoped it would be there. Wish granted!

I’m afraid to ask :(

Duck.

Otters typically eat small fish. Sea Otters are noted for their preference of Sea Urchins, but this River Otter probably just eats whatever it can find.

Oh no :( do I want to know?  I’m not sure that I do

[deleted]

Oh thank goodness. I was about to be devastated

Whew!!

Found this in my undergrads Reddit.... Its relevant to VT. Its kinda relevant at every school tho

Some people only care about themselves. An unfortunate truth.

sent this to the 2024 groupme when it came up on my fyp last night. these dudes are too funny.

Remy Ratatouille, Mickey Mouse lmao!

Amen. Also stop fucking going downtown. You cant drink alcohol with a mask on so stop fucking going. Drink in your damn house.

yuck being proud of snitching

[removed]

Wait where do I get the link to that chat?

Yeah, I sent this to a group chat of freshmen and sophomores. We all agreed with these guys. I love their tik toks.

Downtown isn’t even all that anyways, tots moved their tables so far apart and things are just not social right now. Only good activities to do right now are hikes.

Yuck defending contributing to the deaths of innocents.

Imagine just not even thinking past having fun. These people don't think about consequences. They're immature and focus on doing what feels good. Not what's best for them or everyone else.

i'll dm it to you.

not defending anyone, but I don’t understand what everyone thought was going to happen when they want back to school

hey

[deleted]

I thought that people would have some level of common sense an decency

sure!

The Cascades, Spring 2019. Coming from a recent graduate who just moved back to suburbia, take advantage of the beautiful outdoors around Blacksburg while you're there :)

My junior year, my RA took a group of us out to hike Dragon's Tooth in the dark and watch the sunrise from the top. It was an incredible experience that I will absolutely never forget!

Where’s this at? I’m an incoming freshman looking for some really cool hikes to do and things to see

My friends and I jumped in during the bitter cold of February and it’s my best memory. The hike, the cold plunge, the hot chocolate, and the excitement of talking about it on the way back. And then we got D2 for dinner. I miss it 😌

P.S. if you like the photo feel free to check out more of my work  on my IG [here](https://www.instagram.com/ronaksphotos/)

Awesome photo and nice tips. May have to check it out one day

Ahhh yes. I remember being near the bottom of the waterfall freezing my butt off and almost drowning trying to swim back. Good times

Just went there Monday for the first time! It was heaven.

Just there today!!!

How long was the exposure time on this?

Dragons tooth is such a fun hike. That and mcafees are essential sunrise hikes for any hokie

The Cascades! It's a pretty short trail about 45 min away, heres a little more detail

https://www.alltrails.com/trail/us/virginia/cascades-falls-trail

Pro tip, if you choose to take the extra long route and loop up to Barney's Wall there's an extremely underrated overlook up there too.
https://www.hikingupward.com/JNF/TheCascadesBarneysWall/

If you ever want more inspiration for hikes, this site is awesome: http://thehikinghokie.blogspot.com/p/hikes-in-southwest-virginia.html

My personal favorites in the area are Tinker Cliffs, Dragon's Tooth, McAfee's Knob (Do NOT miss this, try to catch the sunrise here), Hay Rocks/Carvin's Cove and this one up to Barney's Wall.

Enjoy your time at tech! My brother is an incoming freshman as well.

Similar stuff here, although dinner was the original Dietrick so it ended on a low note rather than a high one. 😄

You’re not the only one. Lots of folks don’t make it out.

4 sec

Oooh. Point noted.

Agreed about Barney's Wall, I'm always surprised about how few people know about the upper falls too. It's always desolate up there. I almost hesitate to mention them online!

Thank you for all the info, this is just what I was looking for! :)

McAfees Knob is my all time favorite.

happy to help!

Mood.

RANK VIRGINIA TECH YOU COWARDS

“Top five upsets are our speciality.”

Obi-Young Kenobi

WE DID IT GUYS. WE PULLED THE UPSET!!!!!! MY HEART CANT TAKE IT

Top 25 please

LET’S GOOOOOOO!!! So proud of this team and the coaches. What an incredible win!

I need that gif of him and Bede surfing like I need air to breathe

RANK US ALREADY

i wanna have sex w mike young

Hell yeah brother great win

Loved how it was a forgone conclusion MSU would win for THE ENTIRE GAME until the last second.

~HOKIE don't play dat!~

GO HOKIES - beat Dayton!!!!!!

EDIT: This game is apparently not 'Headline News' for ESPN - buried on the NCAAM front page - go figure.

I had to take my post down about turning to watch game. Didn’t want to be the Jynx lol

Careful, this is the attitude before every upset.

I DON'T CALL DISRESPECT AN UPSET

Easily

https://twitter.com/thekeyplay/status/1199106185951100929?s=21

Hmmmm

I'd buy both y'all a beer when you're done

>This game is apparently not 'Headline News' for ESPN - buried on the NCAAM front page - go figure.

It's still football season. And MNF is currently on ESPN.

We’re still gonna have to play Kansas though

Hell yes

> This game is apparently not 'Headline News' for ESPN - buried on the NCAAM

it's updated now: https://www.espn.com/mens-college-basketball/

GO HOKIES!

Gotta beat Dayton first

Super Hokie Bros!

Awesome! Any chance you could make it taller for phone wallpapers?

This was originally made to be printed on Hoodies and masks and stuff. You can check out my gallery here: [http://tee.pub/lic/2ltBwymhLhw](http://tee.pub/lic/2ltBwymhLhw) !

Let's see if I can make this my arcade splash screen...

This is so indescribably cool to me

It actually is taller than this, but reddit cuts off the top and bottom of the image for some reason

Oh, great! I was just about to ask!

Swweeet, grabbed some tees

Ha ha that would be cool! If you do feel free to DM me with a picture!

Wow! Thanks. I'm glad you enjoy it!

[removed]

Seriously?! That's awesome! I hope you and whoever you bought them for enjoy them!

Oh wow! Thank you so much thats really nice!

It's time, they have to go

[deleted]

If VT wants to be competitive in football, a new coach would need to be completely savvy and ahead of the curve in terms of contracts, NIL and the transfer portal. 

A lot of schools are hiring general managers for this stuff,  so things probably need to be restructured rather than simply replacing the same positions at the management level. 

It might make sense to hire someone from the NFL with experience dealing with the types of personnel and scenarios that come along with paying players since CFB is clearly not a student-athlete environment anymore.

They have to fire whit first so he doesn’t get to hire another head coach

They need to pick from above on the next hire, not pluck from below. 

Every fucking hire from the past decade, every coordinator, every assistant coach has been from a small school/conference, or  a smaller role @ a big school, getting their 'big break' at a Power 5 school and playing Play-doh with our roster and schemes, only to have it fall apart. Sick of being the sandbox for this rolodex of no-name, no-impact coaches.

Get someone who's done something, somewhere, at a Power 5 level. SHAKE IT TF UP. The 'home-grown' love is OVER for this program.

Yeah pry is a nice dude and I like him as that, but he ain’t it. We need to open the checkbook and get a real guy. Lincoln Riley isn’t doing it at USC, maybe that. Also hire a GM, everyone else is and we look like the hillbillies who don’t know how. Also dump the Beamer traditions outside of sandman. He’s gone, he’s rooting for his son in SC, and we’ve sucked ever since. Clean house and bring in new everything, including players cause clearly they suck too. Also stop getting transfers from middle Tennessee state and Arkansas state union college or god knows where. Pay the money to get the dudes from big schools that want playing time. We don’t need 20 below average transfers, we need 3-4 ballers. Thats enough to make the difference in a few games and maybe win one big one in an upset. And for the love of all things holy, find a dude that can throw a pass. It’s been 15 years since Tyrod.

Oh, we're doing outside perspectives.  Hey there, it's your friendly neighborhood Wahoo checking in. Here's the view from the other side of Afton Mountain:

Y'all need to stop thinking of UVA as your major rival.  This alone is a giant freaking albatross around the VT football program's neck.  UVA is not a serious football school.  UVA **wants** to be a serious football school but any idiot who can draw a circle around Charlottesville on Zillow can tell you why that's never going to happen: UVA can't grow.  It's too hemmed in by some of the most expensive land in the country.  Without meaningful growth UVA is going to be hard pressed to support a dynastically relevant football program.  It'll have the odd good year now and again, but it'll never have the depth of bench or recruiting prowess necessary to field a nationally relevant program. 

So, realistically, UVA is going be trounced by VT 99.9% of the time.  As long as y'all hang your hat on that game and allow your coaches to do the same, the entire program will be reconciled to mediocrity.  Once upon a time UVA wasn't the big rival; it was VMI.  Tech outgrew VMI athletically; it has outgrown UVA too... at least in football.

I also have a bunch of thoughts and feelings about whateverthehell "Beamer Ball" means to the program today vs what it meant/looked-like back in the 1990s and 2000s but that's another rant for another time.

I sense its coming. We lose the next few games (highly likely) and it may be here real fast.

Throw in Sands too, fuck it

> frankly, we need a psycho with no prior connections to the university or love for the previous traditions. someone who will come in, burn everything to the ground, and build it back up.

10000%. I love VT, I love VT football, but we absolutely need to hire a good coach over someone with some tenuous connection to VT or some aw shucks demeanor that we think will play well here.

I'm in the minority here on keeping Whit but mostly because he knows what is wrong on the funding side and is asking for the money we need to get this stuff done. I get that between Fuente and Pry, the coaching hires have missed and firing him based on that is fine, but replace the AD with a new guy who cant secure funding and you are still missing half the equation. 

  
As for traditions I think some people are being way too hasty on starting net new (not you OP). You have to keep Enter Sandman and im fine with lunch pail but agree with the rest.

I agree. And if we keep blowing games the way we did this weekend, high school stars won’t want to come play for VT. It will only be 2-3 star athletes at best, which aren’t bad but not what this program needs to turn around and trend upwards.

Not sure why UVA would need to grow geographically to improve their football program? It’s a revenue problem for all of us in the ACC, not a footprint problem. UVA should theoretically be much better positioned compared to VT for success in football.

[deleted]

[removed]

Whit is horrific at funding too. Football isn’t the only program dealing with issues. EVERY SINGLE VT SPORTS PROGRAM is on the decline, we have had funding issues for well over a decade and Whit isn’t solving it and it’s only getting worse with NIL. Suggesting we keep Whit is absolutely insane

Our fundraising is abysmal.  What has he done?  Aren’t we at the bottom of the ACC?

They already don't want to come play here. This isn't a problem that we'll see if we keep sucking. It's a problem we already have.

School size scales a lot of things, not least of which is revenue.  There are very, very few nationally relevant teams with a student body as small or smaller than UVAs.  It can be done, but it's clearly the exception rather than the rule.  

That said, the NIL rules may change all of that. At this point I think it's too early to say.

yeah I don’t want Shane either and I’m over folks suggesting it

If you want to count the terrible flub of a hire he made in Cinci prior to coming here that would be attempt #4. Yeah Whit can't be making the next hiring decision, and I doubt he's the only one who can figure out funding (hell he's had a decade+ to figure that out already)

Again, it’s fine to think he should be fired just on that alone but the point is who would we hire to replace him and how would that resolve the funding issues?

To that point, most of our other programs have great coaches that Whit has hired

Winning cures alot of things for a program but money can also attract talent, which is another deficiency for VT. The NCAA is trying to level the playing field but it may not be effective. 

It took Frank 6+ years to build a winning culture here. That timeframe is not realistic for any program in 2025.

The funding issues are now in the hands of the BOV to solve.

I mean there were some good hires, but he has also made some booty hires, and let great coaches leave the programs that bring in the most money. Most of our programs I’d say are thriving on recognition from before Whits tenure. Cianelli, Adair, Tony Robbie weren’t brought in by Whit.

Yep, so if Whit can’t push them to change their ways then a new AD is needed or any AD we replace him with will be stuck with a crappy hand.

When you say "let leave the program" I assume you're talking about Brooks? Which I think he made clear he was leaving no matter. Idk who else has left that was killing it

Whit would have to be fired by Sands. He likely wouldn’t do that unless he had assurances in place from the BOV. Regardless how any of it plays out, Whit should not be afforded the opportunity to make another hire.

Buzz Williams left after making the sweet 16 with an arguably championship caliber team.

Yeah but Buzz had left every program he was at before that point. He had no loyalty to anybody (plus he was from Texas)

Another near(ish)by national park!

That’s the new river bridge. Wish I could have visited. It’s a good few hours from Blacksburg though

While playing Fallout 76, I visited that location.

Went there for the Bridge Jump Day one year really nice place. Fun event too but I think anybody who actually does the jumping is crazy lol

Go on bridge day if you like fun, crazy people

This place is truly magnificent!! On the New River, I went white water rafting and it was a lifetime of experience!

It's a great rafting spot.

The white water rafting there is astounding. Best this side of the Rockies.

New River Gorge is amazing all the time. It is about two and half hours away but always worth a visit.

My boyfriend and I went hiking around there as a day trip!  It’s so fun and we got blizzards from one of the approx 1000 DQs out there

This place is truly magnificent!! On the New River, I went white water rafting and it was a lifetime of experience!

Definitely a cool place to visit, [I went earlier this summer](http://imgur.com/a/yH3zhml)

Must visit for any Hokie. Always an adventure to visit our western neighbors that share our name. Every October from 93-97 we would camp the river bed and watch the BASErs land next to us. The locals shut down half of the bridge and throw a festival. Best memories of that place. One year a few of us did the gorge rafting trip where you float underneath this magnificent steel arch after an exciting series of class 5 rapids.

It’s a really cool place to visit! Went with my friends last semester. A nice spontaneous day trip!

My friend bungied of it in the early 90s when that was a thing (also illegal)-

The worst part is they had to pull the jumpers back up to the bridge before the next person could jump!!!

If you like mtbing, there’s some fun trails around there and Arrowhead Bike Farm is great, too.

You need to go on Jump Day if they still do it.

Just went there today! Was a nice day trip with some fun hikes

Also, not sure how the astronomy club is there now but when I was there it was around. visiting Greenbank (near snowshoe area) was pretty cool. To see the radio telescopes up close. The tours were awesome.

Another cool site

2 hours, not impossible to do a down and back trip in a day. Can always camp there too.

It’s amazing. Also right near there is a Biscuit World and I swear on my life it’s the best breakfast you’ll ever have.

War, war never changes

Moved here from WV and damn I miss Tudors.

Blacksburg fall 😍

I'm a simple man.

I see a dog photo, I upvote.

would love to pet that dog

Look back at it..

Hi buddy :)

Don’t worry if you ever make eye contact with him he’ll be sure to come over to say hello

VT 77 - DUKE 72

B a s k e t b a l l  S c h o o l

www.DidDukeWin.com

See what happens when you make even some of your 3's?!?!?

Get that Double Bye!

[ESPN sucks](https://i.imgur.com/nGdgnR6.jpg)

BUT DID WE WIN THE BACON??

Thank you Outlaw

WABISSA BEDE HIT NOT ONE BUT TWO THREE'S

FAM!!

Gobble Gobble Gobble

LETS GOOOO

Three straight wins against a top5 Duke team (all occurred on February 26th).

First back to back wins against Duke since 1921.

Won 5 of our last 8 games against top5 opponents.

We a basketball school now

heck yeah I was at the Caps game then I see sofial media on the train home see we won yeah

The kid at halftime that hit the half court shot is a god

WOOOO

Don't think anything could've gone better. Bede made shots. Kids at halftime won $100. We all won #FreeBacon. Kid hits the $5,000 shot. Tech gets the W. Story book

some kind hokie uploaded the full game on YouTube I'm just gonna watch this at work

Wrestling really fell apart... Barely top 15, #2 in the ACC? Pffftt!

Now that’s beautiful

THIS. Everyone making the UVA game out to be something it wasn't. We shot 3/27 from 3 that is 11.11%. If we even shot SIX for 27, which is still BAD (22.22%), we win the game. I know its not as simple as that but realistically that was the difference in the game. Execution and effort was everything you can ask for

edit: just checked we actually attempted 28 shots..so 10.7% 3PT......

HOKIE HI! - DOUBLE BYE!!!

Not enough people talking about the importance of the 4 seed!!

Lmao I read that as Robinson hit the game tying 3 and I was really confused - thought I must have watched the game high or something

YES WE DID 🥓🥓🥓🥓🥓

[deleted]

That's when I KNEW it was over lol

FAM!!!

HOOOOKIES!!

>Three straight wins against a top5 Duke team (all occurred on February 26th).

Bet Ratface lobbys hard at the ACC meetings to get the schedule changed so dook doesn't have to come to Blacksburg in February (or at all).

That was quite a game too

Track's been deadweight for a while now too... men ACC indoor champs, women #20 ncaa; really wish that program would start producing something

> I know its not as simple as that

If a player from the opposing team misses back-to-back free throws in the second half, everyone in Cassell gets a voucher for free bacon.

FAM!!!

All 3 of the bottom teams got clapped that night: Kings 6-1, Sens 7-2, and my Red Wings 8-1. Lose for Hughes baby!!!

[deleted]

FAM!!!!

Yeah, Smithfield.  They also do a dance contest in the crowd during the game and that person gets free bacon for a year lol.

FAM!!!

I redesigned the Hokie P

Can you not, I'm still trying to use my old ass one for transit when I come back for games.

This looks really dang good

Now give it the Athletic/classic VT logo and we're golden

Bring back the birthday as well while we're at it

Really dig the modern design language

I wonder if theres anyway for the diagonals in the background to incorporate a  stylization of the diagonal from the "VT"

SHEEESH. THATS CLEAN AF

If they did this I wish they would add it to apple wallet too because this would like clean in that interface

Looks good but I wonder how much it would cost them to make with all the orange on it

Get the twisted logo tf out of here

I think you mean the H Passport

Is that supposed to be braille?

My hokie p is busted but I refuse to get a new one (I am a senior anyway)

They don’t make you show it on the bus anymore so you’re good lmao

Buses have been free for some time now because of Covid.

There are a ton of services online where you can print a badge for about 10/18 usd.

Agreed 100%. Also no Hokie stone present and hardly any maroon.

I don't think they will make it available with Apple wallet, nothing in the buildings work with Apple/Android wallet, (they would have to upgrade all the card readers across campus)

Nothing that $25 can't cover since they charge that much for a replacement anyway

The same price as the old ones, they print them on demand with special printers (specially since they buy ink in bulk)

I think it’s just the design but it would be cool if the hokie p’s had braille.

Isn’t that supposed to end sometime soon?

[deleted]

Maybe, it keeps getting extended

Faculty cards are maroon and staff cards are white iirc

Must be a new thing then.

True

White is wage staff. Salary staff is maroon.

It was like that in 12

Gotcha. Sorry about that I evidently didn't remember correctly

My student ID is all Hokie stone with small orange trim, not all orange. So new to me.

Yeah but the faculty/staff have maroon trim is what I meant

Ahh I am with you, I thought you meant the whole thing was maroon, like the orange on this one.

The fact that Blacksburg Taco Bell closes at 8pm should be a crime I am sad, hungry, and without a crunchwrap.

It’s because of understaffing issues. They don’t have enough staff to cover the night shift and keep it open until 2-3 am anymore

Even before COVID I can’t believe the only 24 hour place is Waffle House tbh

Is this serious?! When I was at Tech it was the late night spot, no way it closed at eight. If true, that’s a damn shame.

It’s to give your bowels time to recover before class the next day.

sometimes it closes at 5

Well. If you have a problem with it, I guarantee they are hiring.

Go get a job there and they can stay open later. So tired of people complaining about stuff like this because they clearly don't understand the struggles that the industry is going through.

And yes before someone says it, they probably don't pay enough or offer good benefits. I agree.

Same thing with chucky cheese

Sam's hot dog stand is open til 1am Friday and Saturday!

Same thing with panera

Damn I used to work there and would get off at like 2am, was easily one of the best jobs I've ever had

Such a travesty. 7/11 taquitos were always there to comfort my hunger past 10pm 😪

if your biggest problem is you can't get taco bell after 8pm you're likely doing quite well in life

What??? It should be open late, that's Fourthmeal, dammit.

The fact that everything in this “college town” is closed by 10 o’clock is absurd. Taco bell especially, they used to be open until like 2 AM, it was a blast.

Hot take: No one wants to work in Biden’s america 🇺🇸

Same with pretty much everywhere except cookout

I don’t know if this still has anything to do with it, but there was also some kind of COVID-related ordinance that required all businesses to be closed by 10 or 12, and it seems like things haven’t changed since then

[deleted]

Waffle House isn't 24/7 though. They still don't have a 3rd shift lots of nights.

Italianos!

That’s how it was until covid. Now the latest it’s open is 9pm on weekends.

Seriously.  We always went on Sunday night, I know we rarely got there before 9pm.

This.

Time to drop out of engineering

Hot take: The free market is at work, labor has discovered that it's a sellers market and is no longer willing to sell a commodity at a lower price point than it's worth.

Read a book.

Who? Joe Byron is the president

That’s not a hot take. It’s a fact. 

The working conditions (read: pay) is so obscenely low in this country right now that it’s legitimately cheaper for some to NOT WORK and use the stimulus as best they can.

Before the late 60’s congress increased the minimum wage as inflation and the country’s productivity increased. That stopped, obviously, and to have the same buying power as minimum wage back then, the minimum wage NOW should be $24. 

That’s not including the rising costs of everything else that outpace inflation. 

Capitalism works, but the government needs to keep wages fair. Barring that, the market will correct itself on its own (unironically one of the lovely features of capitalism), as we’re seeing now with what’s called the great resignation forcing companies to up wages. 

Read a goddamn economics textbook bro. You’re saying “no one wants to work” like it’s Biden’s fault when it’s a combo of two things: the ENTIRE GOVERNMENT’s fault, and the markets adjusting themselves

> [a hot take is a piece of deliberately provocative commentary that is based almost entirely on shallow moralizing](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hot_take)

I've never seen hot take used so accurately.

Hot take: you’re an idiot

Yeah I’ve eaten a shitload of cookout this semester for this reason

Each state determines its own unemployment policies

Or it could have to do with the fact that even though rent had risen like 30%+ in the past five years around here, minimum wage is still only $9.50 and Taco Bell here doesn’t matter much over minimum wage. All while having to deal with shitty customers

Damn they need to update their google maps hours lol

Don't do that to yourself....

[deleted]

BING BONG

i want him to take me out to dinner but the fucking Taco Bell is CLOSED

We all loved lower prices but this is the result. This happened as a choice everyone made as they went to Walmart /BestBuy/Home Depot/Applebee's/Burger King/etc instead of John's Local Electronics/Plant/Drug/Furniture/Etc stores. We used to pay top dollar for things to.

In 1966 the typical family spent $319 eating out. Adjust the amount for inflation to $2,416. According to the USDA, Americans spent a little more than 25% on food eating out and 75% at home in 1970. In 2017 we ate out 55% of the time and spent $3,008.

Inflation and trend adjusted the Avg family should be spending well over $5,300

**Prices Matter, right now and the past 10 years, low prices have kept wages low, which meant greater competition for low prices which meant lower raises....**

Yeah, and they vote - and that should be a motivator.

Minimum wage in Virginia has gone from $7.25 in the beginning of 2021, to $9.50 in May and will be $11 on Jan 1, 2022. That’s over a 50% increase.

Back in the day Joe's was the place to go for food after the bars closed.

Mixed chicken and lamb over rice doesn’t deserve this disrespect 🤬

Wdym

At least have the balls to say “fuck joe Biden” if you’re gonna say it bro. Or can you not even throw shade without help?

Literally, this is a result of both sides (not to be reductionist) fucking people over and the capitalistic markets adjusting as they do

Edit: I support capitalism

Don't be a pussy about it. Fuck Joe Biden. 

I find him needing help up the stairs to be more dignifying than Trump's obvious Diaper lines.

If you see these dogs in your front yard, just know that I'm upstairs going hard.

Yes, you are correct. 

And that just means that places will still be trying to pay minimum wage for labor rather than paying a real living wage. 

It takes $15+ an hour around here for a person to live even half decently on their own accounting for bills. Shit, with only $15 an hour you’re still looking at renting a fairly shitty apartment if you’re looking to live on your own even.

It used to be decent when it was the Greeks. Now it's garbage.

[deleted]

Thank You for Participating in Our Survey!

Does anyone know why this didn't actually happen? Did they run out of funding or...?

Incoming freshman here, would anyone mind explaining this to me?

This brings back so many memories omg

Holy fuck this format is overused

[deleted]

I believe it has to do with ADA regulation on new construction. The paths are too steep to meet the requirements, so in order to repave the paths VT must provide an adequate alternative and i guess the path on the outer edge isn't considered that.

There was a survey about changing the material for the drillfield paths back in 2015-2016, as part of a drillfield revitalization project scheduled for now-ish. You can see most of the proposed path materials outside of war memorial still, but they have not yet made any changes to the existing asphalt beyond the sample sections (thankfully, they paved back over the rubberized mall playground crap).

[deleted]

Dw, it’ll all get covered after 4 people buy parking passes

I've talked to someone privy to the construction process and that was the exact reason. There is actually an unapproved plan to build a path all the way around the drillfield that would be that alternative, but the person I talked to didn't think that was likely to end up happening

The ADA is such bullshit sometimes.

Low effort troll, couldnt even make the meme

Why don’t they have to adhere by ADA rules now?

gb2 4chan

It's a grandfather clause thing. What's there now is not up to code but it was when it was put there and they're not allowed to just force the university to build new paths the most they can do is prevent them from building any new ones unless they're built to code

Not exactly sure how they could make the paths less steep unless they hauled in millions of tons of fill dirt and leveled the drillfield.    Like most government regulations the ADA is a hot mess.

Not really, it's easier to accommodate than you might think. They could probably just add in a separate ramp in like [this](https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/1096/7404/products/ADA_RAMP_72__Page_4_large.jpg?v=1571438837) on a few points on the drillfield. Long ramps aren't ADA anyways because the sections have a length limit. You don't have to regrade the entire drillfield to make it ADA compliant

Source: civil engineering student who's worked with ADA stuff

C’mon. You know that is stupid. ADA makes no provision for logic.

After being home for a week

It sucks that I’m missing valuable lab experience, but I’m happy that I’ll get to spend more time with my family.

The feels are real with this one. I’m going back tomorrow. Idc if I’m bored in bburg I’m bored worse at home

I wish I can go home :( these aren’t good times to be an international student.

I miss it so much. I hate being home already.

Take note guys!

The freshmen who fall for this are the ones who shouldn’t have been brought in with the over acceptance this year and will subsequently be banished.

After I graduated I stayed and worked on campus for another semester, so I got that sweet sweet F/S tag. I still remember the one of the first times I parked my absolute beat to shit, obvious college student car in front of my building in a F/S spot and the meter maid happened to be driving by...he sped that bad boy all the way up to my car, ready, THRILLED to be able to throw a ticket at me - and then saw the tag. I actually waited outside the building for a minute to watch this because it was pretty amusing, he spent a while hovering over my car on his phone so I assume he was double checking the tag belonged to my car and I hadn't "borrowed it." Then he drove away in defeat. Petty, but it felt so good after the random ticket I got senior year parking on the Drillfield 5 minutes too early (which I get, 5 minutes is still 5 minutes...but sweet revenge anyway).

http://imgur.com/gallery/9KCIeJi

http://i.imgur.com/cI553.jpg

What does it actually mean?

Nah, they will just be like one of my roommates who had to pay approximately $3,000.00 in parking tickets to get his diploma when he graduated.

Faculty/Staff

The question is who's more predatory, Parking Services or private student loan servicers?

Oh, okay thanks

yes

“Today, we are all Hokies”

That’s...beautiful

Thank you for this may all who lost their lives that day RIP forever

Thank you so much!

This how Calc 1225 is going to be

[deleted]

I graduated a while back. A few days ago I thought "wow, they're going to have to teach calc remotely; that's going to suck!" Then it occurred to me that VT has been teaching math remotely through the math empo for years, and it's sucked the whole time.

Good luck. Study hard. I did a derivative at work two days ago, got it right, and it influenced our design decisions. This stuff matters.

I genuinely feel sorry for you though.

It's ok, just a mile down you can bear right on "transfer credit over the summer."

Rise and grind, gotta do practice equations every day

Physics 1 is kicking my ass right now but Multivariable isn’t that bad so far.

Me in math 1524 

*soft crying*

Me in physics

Ahhh the Math Department

Take advantage of tutoring!

Love it. I'm on the jughandle.

Who are good profs/TAs for 1226? (thinking ahead...)

[deleted]

Rip to my soul, aye at least i dont want to do aerospace lol

Just wait for multivariable.

Phys 2305 and math 1226 will be the death of me this semester

[deleted]

I did the same, ending up taking the W the day before finals...hoping your semester goes better

You got erika rappold?

Calc 2204 Gang. Calculus is perpetually not knowing what you’re supposed to be doing.

bless the poor souls taking multivariable online their first semester of college. That one is a nightmare in person let alone self taught.

I walked out of a multivariable test once thinking I scored in the high 80s. Usually you can guess how well you did on a test within like a letter grade or two. Turns out I got a 26% on it...

K thanks.

Is rappold good? I have her

Nah Sean sovine

As a freshman, I’m taking Multivariable first semester. Thankfully, I also took Multivariable my senior year so it’s still somewhat fresh. I feel so bad for the students that signed up for the hybrid class that I’m in. I expected to have in-person lessons and online material/meetings to support that. Instead, the in-person class time is spent entirely answering specific questions that students have and lectures are just posted online for the students to watch at any time. It’s basically an asynchronous class where each topic is explained at an extremely superficial level and you have to learn the rest.

She seems good but the class is basically asynchronous and judging by the first two weeks the guy who makes the video lessons explains everything in a really confusing way.

I nearly failed that one in a normal semester, and the in class periods were essential to me to see the professor work out a problem and answer questions. I feel bad for everyone who has to watch video lectures now.

It was worse last semester. About 2 weeks into COVID and online classes, the whole multi math department decided that doing lectures was “inefficient” so they posted group notes with the occasional example done in video form by a professor. No real lectures, just hand written notes. My teacher didn’t even have office hours because for most of the semester before COVID, no one really needed them cause he actually taught. During COVID tho....needless to say worst class of my life and I’m glad they at least shaped up somewhat.

Feels a bit too familiar if you ask me 🤔

What ever happened to the "vote" to pick how to repave the Drillfield?

They did way too many paths tbh

Sounds like r/desirepath

This is a common method for footpaths

That looks terrible
Also, fuck Ohio State.

Those signs are still up smh

VT infrastructure is planned in 10 year cycles. That probably applies here. Not to mention the person who manages it switched out about 3 years ago.

They had (maybe still do?) a website where you could drop a pin of something you want to see changed with notes and they’d focus on the most pinged areas.

the president and the prior building and infrastructure director wanted to "have accessible paths without changing the topography of the drillfield." which given the nature of the topography of the drillfield its not possible for both wishes to be met. The study was done in support of going into this project and using its results as the new material for the accessible pathways. Given that it is not possible to meet both criteria and finally getting enough complaining they repaved the paths in asphalt this past year. 

source: was in a planning meeting on it

Dijkstra's!

Seems excessive, but every one of them they didn't pave would probably look worse than [this](https://www.fs.usda.gov/Internet/FSE_MEDIA/fseprd725154.jpg) by now.

Indeed they are.  So are the sample squares of pathway.

It’s because it needs time to weather and see how they will hold up over a long period of time.

Yeah, I guess you're right.  I wanna see it happen though.

Thank you for this.

Ah, a man of culture I see

That is a very specific name that has brought back some bad memories of 3114

3114 is where it got fun.

Certainly more fun that Systems was lol.

2506 was the class that really kicked my ass

Mood

The play-calling in the 4th was atrocious, playing not to lose with what, 7 minutes left in the game, is never going to work; but that 'roughing the passer' call that overturned the interception was utter crap.

Fuck these refs

Nice job by Quincy P. Considering the amount of pressure he was under, he had a decent performance.

Fuente and Foster started playing not to lose. Dont blame the Refs for our god awful playcalling.

Trying very hard not to take these feelings out on the people I love.  
Tech, why do you do this to me?

Man, now you youngins know what Michigan 2011-12 (Danny Cole's catch) and BC 2007 (fucking Matt Ryan) felt like... honestly, this one might have been worse.

r/watchpeopledieinside

Everyone here saying we cant blame the refs obviously weren't watching the same game that I was. We won that game and if it weren't for very obvious no calls and then bad calls against us we would have actually walked away with the upset. You fake ass fans.

"Ref like a Champion Today"

Fr absolutely HORRIFIC officiating

I still can't believe Bud ran that scared defense the entire last drive

You can’t run out the clock with 7 minutes to go. That is just unacceptable coaching and play calling. And it’s why we lost

>playing not to lose

sometimes is the best or only option ... 

Refs made some sketchy calls to extend drives late in the game for ND. no doubt.

GO HOKIES!

So that was roughing the passer on the INT?

Fuck Matt Ryan man! Smug turd.

No way, both those hurt way more. This game just made me a little less said to see foster leave.

I guess I’m a youngin but both of those were much worse than this. Those games had much more at stake.

DANNY COLE CAUGHT THAT BALL! 

...is something I’ve said out loud every few months since that game.

No we didnt. ND got gifts and came away with a missed field goal. We got the ball, had a chance, and did nothing with it. Then we played prevent all the way down the field, and rushed only 3 people against a qb who is horrible with any type of pressure. 

Nobody who thinks we choked is a fake ass fan. They just have a pair of eyes. Keep living in dream land. Our play calling down the stretch doomed us.

Sucked big time that the defense laid down at the end. But the team played through the bad calls and the no calls that had the coaches questioning the zebras. It was interesting that the targeting by ND in the first half was waved off, when the defender came straight on to a standing player, but was called against VT when the runner dropped his head as he was about to be tackled. While it is important to protect players, the NCAA really needs to clarify the targeting rule. ND also got a gift when the safety was waved off due to "momentum" among other calls.

Worst part to me was the heroic stop they made on the previous drive in spite of the refs trying to hand it to ND, just to be let down by that godawful "prevent with 3:30 left"

"Close game we have here.  It would be a shame if we ... rushed 3."

Bud has lost several huge games for us playing that bullshit fourth quarter prevent defense.

lmao thats not the call that sealed the game. I didnt feel great about that call but there were several minutes left after that and Bud Foster threw it away by playing prevent defense with a bad secondary. It simply doesnt work. I wish it were as easy as 'fuck the refs" but it isnt

Yeah the BC game was the worst. Standing in the freezing rain, completely soaked and watching the game fall apart in the last 2 minutes was awful. But the revenge was sweet.

Yeah in the scheme of things this game didn’t matter at all.  We win the 2007 game and we had a legitimate claim to play in the BCS championship game (though realistically we would have deservedly ended #3).

Some folks were even saying that we *should* start QP so that Hendon is 100% for the ACC stretch.  

This was heart wrenching, but that 2007 game was one of the top five most miserable moments of my life.  You didn’t mind the rain during the game, but afterwards the rain and cold seeped through your clothes and body straight into your soul.  I will never forget that feeling of absolute despair while walking to Joe’s Diner in the cold to drown myself in a cheesy western burger.

I think you mean "isn't a fake ass fan"

Except for the fact that we were pressuring with our 3 man rush and would have gotten a couple of sacks on that last drive if it weren't for obvious holds that weren't called. Even ND fans are saying the refs cost tech the game. So maybe you're the one living in dream land. It doesnt really matter anyway we're still going to win the coastal.

Yeah! Refs made sure there were plenty of other calls to seal the game.
Maybe we cant 'blame' the refs, but they arguably significantly affected the outcome and that's bad enough. Moving on:

GO HOKIES - BEAT WAKE!

#WinWhenItReallyCounts 😉

[deleted]

edit:  what hurts the most is that Bud still hasn’t learned his lesson about running the prevent when it matters after your regular defense shut them down all game.

The inability to be critical on this sub is mind boggling.

You must have an interesting definition of the word "seal". No ref call sealed anything about that game only coaching ineptitude.

>  Moving on: 

then why did you comment?

Oh man getting Gumby's at 2am was religion on the weekend.

I'm critical when I need to be but now isnt one of those times. Were there bad play calls? Absolutely theres bad play calls in every game but there is nothing you can say that will change the fact that the refs cost us this game.

I had fun playing around with long term exposure last night at Torg

really cool 👍

It makes it look like Blacksburg is a really busy place. Neat!

What's the aperture, ISO, and exposure time on this?

This is a gorgeous photo.

Thank you for sharing. Any chance of getting a high resolution copy?

Fighting the good fight

I'm going to talk shit about the classrooms in McBryde and Randolph in every spot survey until they replace those god awful desk-chairs

I remember getting an 11/100 on a paper. I thought the 11 was just for the cover page.

I took it to the other TA and asked him to look at it, and I got it reevaluated to a solid C. 

Later I found out that the TA I had gave wildly poor grades, and so everyone graded by him got a curve.

Best A I ever got.

Just remember that Mario always wins in the end

Or math emporium classes

Unrelated to the post, I almost bought this. Dude does some kickass artwork that he prints on canvas. This was from his Nintendo collection. He's got an id collection too that I bought and looks fantastic.

edit: found it. http://www.nickderington.com/#/boss-fight/

As a graduate TA and someone hoping to be a tenured professor someday, please don’t use this logic with professors who don’t have tenure but are seeking it. The SPOT scores are basically all the tenure committees use to evaluate the teaching component of professor’s merits, and it’s not usually a good representation for them as an educator. 

Side note: Most use the scores and comments to actually improve their class, so please remember to be as constructive as possible!

You use *spot survey*... it's not very effective.  
Administration uses *gross apathy*... it's super effective.

If it makes you feel any better, Randolph is getting replaced sometime in the next 15 years

McBryde as a whole is a subpar building, and the lack of attention that housekeeping and maintenance pay to it is very obvious. The sociology lounge on the third floor is disgusting, the bathrooms are circa 1960, and the desks as you mentioned are older than most of the student body's parents.

Fuck my man went meta on this shit.

[deleted]

Yup, it's on the master plan.  Should cost like $250M given how big that bastard is.

Sad but true.

Virginia Tech at #47 in US News’ 2024 National University Rankings Virginia Tech was #62 previously and #75 two years prior.

This places Virginia Tech ahead of William & Mary (#53).

A strong # 1 in issuing parking tickets.

How are these rankings determined?

13th for engineering

I love this and am proud of the school.

But also let’s not forget these rankings are all bogus.

Wow. I knew VT adopting the Common App would make it jump in the US News rankings but wow what a jump.

Also just goes to show you how much bullshit these rankings are lmao

I thought this was football rankings and wondered who at US News was high as a kite when they decided these rankings

UVA better watch out

When I was applying way back in 2005 tech was between #60-70…. Glad there getting up there

Let’s go Hokies but what? I love this school regardless of rankings but how did it jump so high so fast something is off. Especially beating William and Mary.

Surprised to see Penn State at 60

That's great to know. Virginia Tech ROCKS!! I'm surprised to see William and Mary ranked lower than Virginia Tech since it's harder to get into.

This doeant really reflect a change in quality.

It's primarily because they changed the way schools are ranked.  Historically, they put a lot more weight on alumni donations/endowment, faculty salary, and faculty to student ratios, which resulted in smaller private schools having and an advantage. 

Now they put weight on research output, pell graduates/social mobilty of underprivileged graduates, student debt, and peer rankings, which caused certain public universities with really good track records to skyrocket to the top 50 (VT, Purdue, etc.)

Other things that helped VT this year was their aggressive alumni giving campaigns, and switching to the common app, which resulted in a lot more applications, thus a (technically) lower acceptance rate.

Keep in mind, the USNWR rankings are really subjective in criteria, and certain schools have gamed the system to jump in rankings, like Northeastern.

VT has always been very high in other rankings with different criteria, such as the rankings for public universities.

There was a really good writeup on this by the Richmond Times-Dispatch.  They said the ranking swings are partly because U.S. News made “the most significant change to its methodology in its history and placed greater emphasis on social mobility and outcomes for graduating students. More than 50% of a college's rank comes from measures related to enrolling and graduating students from all backgrounds with manageable debt and instilling post-graduate success. U.S. News removed five factors this year: class size, faculty with high degrees, alumni giving, high school class standing, and the proportion of graduates who borrow federal loans.”

https://richmond.com/news/local/education/virginia-tech-passes-william-mary-in-top-colleges-ranking/article_0623be94-5610-11ee-a144-a70202ce4929.html

These rankings are (insert R word) as fuck

I've said this before. But being good at business and all those other easy majors is a joke. I'm 99% sure the engineering students at tech could walk through a different major at those schools

meh, still ranked 30 for engineering.

Just wait until they dump even more money they just got from donations into more facilities/renovations

I was reading their factors they rank schools on and it doesn’t even really make sense in my opinion. A few of them definitely do but like their graduate debt category doesn’t even factor in private loans and a bunch of the factors are just there because “there is a correlation.”

WTF, lmao!!!

W&M was in the low 30s for decades. 

I guess finally switching to common app made a huge difference in admissions and UG profile.

Hmmm…

Bribes and a dartboard?

The same was FIFA and IOC decide where the World Cup and Olympics respectively are.

The institutions self-report statistics and the US News has a formula to determine rank

[deleted]

I usually see it as vaguely legitimate. A top 10 school is definitely good. No one is arguing that MIT or CalTech aren't engineering powerhouses. Schools 11-25 are probably all pretty close in quality, and same with 26-50.

They’re not *all* bogus, just mostly bogus. A better ranked school is most likely legitimately better than a worse ranked school.

For us ole folks not with the times, what is the common app and its relevance to the rankings?

47 is way to high for us in football... ^:(

At #24?

Tech was 60-70s since the rankings started including schools above 50.

aggressive gobbling is how

USNWR changed the formula. It no longer counts things like small class sizes, alumni giving, high school counselor rankings, etc. where W&M was strong. Now it counts things like teacher research where Tech is strong.

Technically, they both have similar criteria.  W&M has more applicants from out of the state, and is more selective for liberal arts subjects, and is also just a smaller school.

VT has a much lower acceptance for engineering, and primarily attracts Virginia residents.

Haha this is the attitude of professional engineers too which is why they are all unbearable to work with

They hated Jesus for speaking the truth…

Actually, it’s ranked #13 for undergrad engineering (https://www.usnews.com/best-colleges/rankings/engineering-doctorate).

Fundraising is no longer a big metric this year (Which is why some of the big profile schools, like Brown, are dissociating themselves from the list) 

Maybe that's how we benefitted?

30th is for graduate, 13th for undergrad

Yes and no. Better is subjective. I have taken classes at schools with all sorts of rankings (UVA, JMU, VT, GMU, VCU, and ODU; yes, I have too many degrees and also got bored a few summer and winter terms). One thing is for certain: a lot of the “lower ranked” schools have those caring, dedicated professors who actually care about teaching and student learning… instead of grants and research and cancelled office hours and nasty attitudes.

The US News and Report puts a significant weight on selectivity and the overall academic strength ( overall GPA, test scores, etc. ) of the freshman class. 

By adopting the Common App, VT allows potential applicants to do their application once and then apply to bunch of different schools. Think of it as allowing your college application to be spammed instead of needing to meticulously apply to each school. By reducing this friction, VT gets *a lot* more applicants and ( hopefully ) stronger ones. More applications means more rejections which helps with VT's selectivity, along with a stronger freshman class. Thus, VT will score higher on US News and Reports formula. 

However, I have read that the formula for rankings has changed a bit, and those changes have worked in VT's favor.

Depressing when you put it like that… Missing the good ol days

Already ahead of you in the WSJ ranking

High school counselor rankings?! That is crazy. Goes to show how riggable all that crap is.

Good job on finishing grad school.

Spoken like a true communication major lol

I'll die on that hill. The engineering students that I knew at tech were fucking brilliant and could walk through any other major if they wanted to. If you can do dynamics and statistics, you can do econ lol

We've had record busting fundraising for the last five years. $800 million last campaign, looking to break $2 billion this campaign well ahead of schedule.

Brown is ranked no 9 btw.

What school did you like the best?

just got accepted early decision!! GO HOKIES

congrats 🔥

I was an early decision to VPI&SU, too.  40 years ago….  Congratulations!

Edit:  I just realized it was 50 years ago… Doh!

congratulations!

Congrats!

Congratulations, but might I ask why you hate literature so much? :D

Well done!

OMG congrats, that’s amazing!! By any chance did it say the ratio of how many students got in to applied?!

Welcome to Hokie Nation!

Best decision you could make. The Hokie Nation is among the best. Welcome!

EDIT: And an English major? Lovely!

Congrats Megan! Welcome to the Hokie Nation!

Congratulations!

let's goooo

Good job Hokie!

Congrats!

Congrats!

congrats!! go hokies

Congrats welcome!!

Congrats!

Same here!!!

YAY HOKIES

Ayyyy congrats! My best friend also got early decision recently

Congrats!! I’m a current first-year English major!! Go Hokies!🦃🧡

congratulations!!! go hokies !!!

Congratulations! I’m in an English based major myself! Sure you’ll have a great time.

It was, and quite is, the best place on this earth.

thank you!

VPI&SU? Yeah we know you were 40 years ago. ;) 

It’s been around 30 for me but we don’t need to talk about that.

15 years ago for me. Feels like yesterday checking the mailbox and seeing that big letter.

wowza! that’s incredible. are you still an active alum?

thanks!!

hate literature?! I LOVE LITERATURE!

thank you!!! i’ve been waiting for this moment!

sadly, no. but if anyone finds out, i’d love to know!

awesome! you got any tips/advice for me?

We don't talk about quarters.

Made some life long friends while I was there.  I follow sports and donate a little every year to the school.  I don’t go back very often.

Oh my sweet summer child :D

Get ready to learn how to hate-read lol

make friends in your classes in case you need the notes! don’t be afraid to ask questions and take advantage of every extra credit opportunity- they don’t happen often!

High school taught me that plenty thank you very much

cool! how small are your classes this year compared to last year? i know the english program is pretty small compared to others :)

they’re basically 20-25 people! One of my classes has about 50 people in it, but that’s only because it’s intro to theatre (a pathways course)

More pictures from yesterday…

The car on the right in the first picture looks photoshopped due to the little indent in the button tower thing.

First photo is from the GLC side looking out over the Squires Parking lot. Second photo is the big lecture hall in the GLC. Anyone have more photos?

Holy shit I had no idea the *inside* of the GLC got flooded. That looks really bad.

Did war memorial gym flood? It went under in the dark ages when I was there so they finally renovated the entire building.

How much time does/did it take for the flood water to drain out?

Wow that is a lot of flooding!

Wtf happened

Did the Edge flood?

Holy crap.

Time to drop out

My life is a lie

GLC auditorium floods pretty regularly

The entire first floor had about 4” of water. It’s closed until further notice.

They're in the middle of renovating it now, hopefully it didn't flood

Not sure, wasn’t there to witness it personally

big rain go fwoosh

They’re still renovating it?  I swear they were renovating it when I graduated in 2015.

Big if true

Right now they're tripling the cardio/weight room space from 5000 sqft to 15000 sqft, adding air conditioning, and building glass paneling on the outside of the building. There are also going to be a bunch of new programs in the building after the renovation is done

[VT facilities page with renderings](https://www.facilities.vt.edu/planning-construction/campus-construction-projects/active-projects/student-wellness-services.html)

Crappy part is that renovations started December 2019 and the VT facilities page says the time-line is 18-24 months. So probably won't open again until this December 2021, assuming rona and/or the recent flooding didn't push it back farther

Hokie spa be like

Once a week on all my devices

Great meme 10/10 saw it made

Everybody be thankful for VT's version, a week is a blessing. The university I'm at now requires authentication every 12 hrs.

This is good quality meme

It's like the annual password changes that only get worse as an alum. I can't remember which of my 20 passwords I've got in rotation is the next one because I have all that stuff saved directly into my mail clients from last time!

It's as if there were some magical checkbox that allows you to do this...

Damn

Thanks

Password manager, just get one.

And then when you inevitably do need a password reset, you get to experience the awkwardness of calling 4-HELP as a 30-something. "Yeah hi, I need a password reset... no this isn't for a child of mine, this is for me... yes I still use it... no I'm not just using it for discounted software but thank you for the suggestion..."

I used to use one until my password database got corrupted four times in a row and totally screwed me over. I don’t trust ‘em anymore

Hahaha, exactly

That's PEBKAC issue. Always have backups.

Also after 2 times it's likely time to try a different tool as there are a dozen or so these days. 

None of that is a valid excuse to not use any tool at all.

Good lord 😭

Back in my day, idiots were pulling the fire alarm all the time. Got to the point where people were just not interested.

The two most poorly maintained dorms likely have the most false alarms out of any dorm on campus.

Combining idiots pulling the alarms for fun, them getting triggered accidentally by cooking mishaps, and just faulty wiring it turns every alarm into a “boy who cried wolf”

It’s hard to take any alarm on campus seriously when 99.99999999% of them are instant ramen/Mac and cheese forgetting water and/or popcorn going on too long.

I’d love to see the list of the last time a FD response was for anything other than resetting the alarms.

When people don't realize evacuating during a fire alarm is a requirement, not a suggestion.

My freshman year there were so many fire alarms pulled that they had a reward posted for information leading to finding out who was doing it. 

2-3 times a night some nights.  Out in the cold. 

It wasn’t always false alarms either. 

Some fine gentlemen from Pritchard came over and terrorized our dorm.  Took our laundry out and threw it into the elevator and lit it on fire.

They gotta figure out a solution to the ‘boy who cried wolf’ design of the fire alarms. Make them designed so they only go off if there’s a real fire. Not ramen. Not vapes. 

Reducing the frequency makes people take it more seriously.

Also, given its tech, maybe they could put in sensors and verbally tell the people exactly where the fire is “large fire detected, first floor hallway, please evacuate the building.”

As an alum, firefighter relative, and a mom of a college aged child, get the hell out if the alarm goes off. 

And if you catch someone pulling an alarm or playing football or soccer in the hall and hit a sprinkler, report them. 

Yeah it's annoying when firefighters have to go to a dorm alarm at 3 am to find it to be false or because some students decided to try to cook a fish dinner (yes it happened). But they always take it seriously and you should too

06-10.  We had a fire alarm at like midnight. Then another 4 hours later. Both in February with men in their boxers in 20 degree weather.

This doesn't justify ignoring them, but I do understand from when I was there 2015-2016 and they were going off all the time for stupid bullshit. The boy cries wolf et cetera.

I thought Virginia tech was for smart students? 

Get out when a fire alarm goes off.
Don’t be an idiot. Literally just had a real fire at fox ridge.

How dumb are people??

Major Williams in 1987 I think. Three alarms one cold night. Two were for burnt microwave popcorn.

Nice to see nothing has changed in the last few decades.

Damn do yall pull the fire alarms often

Back in 2006 the O'Shag fire alarm had some sort of electrical issue. They knew about it but not how to fix it for a couple weeks. My roommate went out every time and I just put another pillow over my head. Said text me if it's a real fire. It never was.

I lived in major williams in 82-83.   Now an academic building, then a nearly 100 year old “temporary” building to cover growth in cadets in the 19th century, formed by combining barracks 3, 4 and 5.  We didn’t have many false alarms.  The girls dorms next door, like shanks, they had a bunch because of assholes who were hoping the girls would run out in their underwear.

I lived in the archway of Main Egg, which didn’t have a fire alarm in the room or stairway (hopefully this has changed since). I got a JR for not leaving during a fire alarm that I could not hear from my room.

Gome over

You just proved me right. Ha

My dorm was a small 2 story, maybe that's why we didn't do drills.  Sounds like drills are not working. The main purpose is 1) so everyone knows which route/exit they should take and 2) where to assemble.  Maybe there are other ways to convey this information.

Turn it into a drinking game.. you'll hit 100%.

I think it was below freezing for a while, standing in the cold sucks.

Freshmen year of college fire alarms kept getting pulled in the middle of the night when there was no threat.  Campus security resorted to checking people’s hands as they reentered the building, I’m not sure if they caught a culprit.

Were I unaware of the plague of students constantly pulling the fire alarms, I’d wonder how the fuck anyone would even WANT to stay inside with that godawful blaring—

so that’s what hokie means!

Yea that's the youth.  Think they know what's best.  One day they'll suffer from their arrogance and ignorance.   I guess only then they'll learn.

The fire alarm was probably at 2am too

Holy ChatGPT 😂

Put some duct tape over the speaker of the alarm and you can go back to sleep 🤣

I met some friends for life standing outside Pritchard in the rain at 3am from the 3rd false alarm that week

Fire alarm drills?  1978-79 Pritchard veteran. No. We did have RA sponsored keg parties.

7th floor Lee (Hoge now I think it is?) and the alarms in the middle of the night during finals week got to be ridiculous. I will admit after the third or fourth one, I was over it. Not my proudest moment, but Jesus I needed sleep.

Idiots we’re always pulling them at 3am in the winter when I was there.  I just rolled over against the wall onto the back board of my loft and pulled the covers over me, it looked like I was out of bed.  I guess that doesn’t work anymore?

We fire alarmed soo hard at midnight to 2am- there was no need for scheduled drills…

I was probably one of those idiots….setting fire alarms off constantly…I also had a thing for fire extinguishers .  

Maybe it’s because my brother (UVA graduate) burnt our house down when he was 9 and I was 7….

In 2022-2023 a dumpster between Hoge and Pritchard was fully ablaze

And fire codes are written in blood

We had so many false alarms or people pulling the alarms as pranks.  It made it easier to ignore them- until one room down the hall lit a poster on their wall on fire by using candles to smoke their weed.  Burnt part of their room and could have been a lot worse.  Fire department was on loud speakers yelling that this was not a drill…

Man this was never a thing at least on upper quad 15 years ago, we made sure everyone was out!  
\-BadCo '12

A couple years ago there were “fire alarm wars” between Pritchard, Slusher and the other shitty dorms and I think they were having almost nightly fire alarms at some point. It improved recently bc they added security but still

"How dumb are people??"

You do not want to know the answer to that question. 

I kid you not, I got on the elevator at the top floor of my dorm, there was someone in there who rode to the top, they looked up from their phone, up at me getting on the elevator, I press 1 because it wasn't pressed already (elevators take a while sometimes so I have seen people toward the top floors get on an up elevator to go down before) we go down a floor and pick up someone and this moron finally looks up from his phone again goes "awwwwwwww mannnnnnn I forgot to get offfffff" then get odd the elevator and i assume go to whatever floor he needed. This is just one thing, in one dorm, that happened in 1 minute.

Pritchard is several alarms a week

same "reason" back in the late 80s Cochrane would pull West AJ (it was all female back then) to get girls to run outside in their nighties (no one slept in nighties lol)

This is perhaps the dumbest possible takeaway

The one on the 18th was at various points during the morning/afternoon and the one on the 24th was at 9am

have you never read a formal email

I did not meet friends for life when we at Pritchard had our third fire alarm of the night trying to keep my eyes open sitting at a table in the cold at 2 A.M.

Good memories lol

My first semester in ‘05, we were getting 3 a NIGHT in West AJ. It ballooned out of control and finally a kid was seen doing it and other students beat him up. Everyone was so done with it.

Now, in my college, the RAs will bitch you out for having a beer in your dorm and I could get kicked out of college if I was caught with a cigarette. Oh how times have changed, I hate it

It’s so stupid that they changed the name of that hall

My GPA is indeed a true emergency

Hokie Stone jerseys are back! New coach and the return of the GOAT jerseys. We might just be back y’all.

OH MY GOD

Whole lot better looking too. Glad they leaned into the white detailing/helmets instead of the charcoal/black helmets this uniform used to have. I really hope the pants are white too

Are we wearing them against Miami I’m assuming ?

Looks SO much better as a jersey and just a center stripe on the helmet than the design covering the entire helmet that they've done before

Fuck yeah these need to be in our rotation every year

My favorite Jersey of all time, couldn’t get one last time we wore them, anyone know if they’re gonna sell these this time?

Ugh I’m in the minority. Those are terrible. The only thing worse than that is original hokie stone helmets.

I like the matte gray helmets with metallic orange logo

Yes 🙌 let’s go!!!!

SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY!

anyone know where these are sold?

Ugly

Sick.  The helmet really sets it off

https://youtu.be/_Wmwj9KGicU

Last time we wore this combo. Only difference is the helmet stripe is square instead of pointed

They are trash... only time we wore them was against Boise st ...we lost

Is James Franklin taking over immediately? Like is he coaching this week? I'd love to go to his first game

it had both. We already had the white helmets this year o just a simple decal swap instead of new helmets

Yes!

they’ve worn these exact helmets before vs UofDel

Same. I called Campus Emporium and they weren’t aware that VT was rolling these back out. They said they haven’t heard any word on these from Nike so they likely wouldn’t have them in stock until next year. Of course I only talked to one person so they could be wrong

Agreed - it's a nice idea, but haven't seen an execution that I'd want to field yet

These were the worst uniforms we've ever worn:

[https://i.imgur.com/5cjJHeW.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/5cjJHeW.jpg)

Every single iteration of these has looked dogshit bad IMO

I agree! As an older alumnus I have never quite understood this fairly recent obsession with "hokie stone" at VT. I don't ever remember it being called that when I was a student 25+years ago it was just limestone.  I think it is attractive on the older mid 20th century collegiate gothic structures on campus but IMO it looks utterly ridiculous on the modernist structures they have lately been putting it on.   The faux hokie stone paint jobs they have slapped on older brick buildings on campus including Wallace and Litton Reaves Halls are tacky.  It looks equally stupid plastered on football helmets and jerseys.

No but he'll be on the sideline with potential recruits.  Sounds like he's going to try to avoid stepping on toes of the existing staff for the rest of the season and focus on identifying players and staff he wants to start next season with.

He isn’t coaching until next season but will be on the sideline - a TON of his recruits will be visiting this weekend

As long as they release them eventually i will be a happy man 🙏

Any update on that

Agreed, honorable mention the nike jerseys w/marcus vick where one sleeve was orange. Will never forget getting blasted by Miami in blacksburg while wearing those

I would have us wear those in perpetuity just so we don’t wear the hokie stones this weekend.

Yeah I really dislike the Hokie stone jerseys

Happy 150th Birthday, Virginia Tech! On this day in 1872, 150 years ago, Addison Caldwell walked 26 miles from Craig County to Blacksburg, and enrolled as the first student at the Virginia Agricultural and Mechanical College. In the years since, we've grown from that small all-white, all-male institution to the amazing diversity of people and learning we have today as Virginia Tech, and still have more work to do. Let's honor those who came before, remember the injustices of the past, and look to the future; Go Hokies!

We will honor this birthday with 150 yards of total offense today! 😏

You stole my post! But you said it better, so thanks. Happy birthday, VT!

And remember we were founded as a land grant university after the civil war. No connections to certain president slave owners like a few universities north of us

[Addison Caldwell's Wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Addison_Caldwell)

Happy 150th Birthday, Virginia Tech!

150 years of providing depression, debt and degrees. Hopefully there’s more to come!

Be proud of the school and the brand! We have a very strong alumni base and are excelling in US news rankings for engineering (and other disciplines)!

 …not everything has to be about race & social justice.

Happy 150th Birthday, Virginia Tech!

[deleted]

Who pissed on your Stromboli? Who shat in your biscuits and gravy?

I love VT. I love our amazing history and the individuals who made this school what it is. But there's nothing wrong with pointing out that so many of the people that are here today wouldn't have been able to come here even sixty years ago. That's what's amazing about VT history - it's one of expanding our mission and giving more people the opportunity to succeed.

...nor engineering!

I dunno, the fact that the university has a long history as a post-Civil War, all-white, all-male military and agricultural school seems pretty damn relevant to our history. The effects of this history can still be felt today. Black students are still severely underrepresented at VT.

Also some buildings have funky bathroom layouts because the buildings were built before the school admitted women. In some buildings there's only one restroom per floor and for legal reasons it has to be a woman's restroom - as a man with a gastrointestinal disability this has severe repercussions for me as a student. I've only had a class in that building once but getting to the restroom when I needed it was a nightmare.

The age of campus also means that it is grandfathered out of compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA). Several buildings (and campus in general) are highly inaccessible to people with mobility disabilities, sometimes by things as arbitrary as a single step (like the Washington St entrances of Hoge Hall).

And that's just a small fraction of the university's history. There's so much more to tell. Race and social justice are two of the most defining features of that history, it's impossible to talk about the history of the university without talking about that.

oof

Jefferson was a damn eugenicist who raped and tortured his slaves. Read about the things that happened at Monticello and UVA, not pretty even if you consider the time period. Just cuz he’s a founding father does not render him immune from the judgement of history. Not to mention I was also referring to JMU cuz Madison also owned slaves

Happy 150th Birthday, Virginia Tech!

Had one class in Saunders Hall and found it nearly unfathomable that the one mens bathroom is in the basement of a 4 floored building

Would love for them to invest into being a little more ADA compliant. My roommate and I carried our friend who uses a wheelchair up and down so many steps when we went to school there. Once he was sleeping in our dorm room and the fire alarm went off, so we had to carry him down 6 flights of stairs in Pritchard because you can’t use the elevator during a fire alarm. I know there was nothing we could really do about that, but if they could just make some places easier to access for disabled people that would be so nice.

This is very true. VT has grown and changed a LOT, it's practically a completely new school compared to what it used to be, but its' history is still incredibly visible. Not just in the campus itself, but in the students too. The ROTC, for example, is still an enormous part of VT, and is still by and large populated by white men. The school in general is very much a PWI and it shows. Not to mention the whole confederate/"Dixie" shit that only got done away with as recently as 1969. They push for diversity but its' LGBT students, BIPOC students, disabled students, etc. face daily discrimination. As a trans man I sometimes even question my own safety in Blacksburg. It's getting better, yes, but it's still important to acknowledge its' shortcomings and to not settle for "good enough".

also -- you had me in the first half, ngl

[deleted]

Yep that's the one. I think it's absurd that they wouldn't... Oh, I dunno... Make the bathrooms gender neutral? Install floor-to-ceiling stalls with locks and remove any urinals and hey presto you've got a gender neutral bathroom that's safe for anyone to use.

I don’t think we can just put aside the fact that he tortured slaves or raped them. I don’t think anyone should be able to be honored without recognizing the major atrocities they committed first.

Lol, I’m a bit right leaning myself and I think it’s just so cringe when that straw man gets pulled. Also my hate for Jefferson stems from liberal UVA fans/alum defending him despite all his atrocities.

Id say just make single occupant bathrooms in newer buildings, really Saunders and most of ag quad needs intense renovations or full on redevelopment

90% students reported vaccinated as of today!!! And still a few more days to go before the deadline! Let’s go Hokies!!

I suppose this isn't surprising since it's required and all that, but it's still really impressive. The rate for employees is only 68%, which is far lower but still probably enough to have an effective herd immunity. With rates this high, I would be shocked if COVID were an issue this Fall.

Does the 90% include those who were granted exemptions or do exempted students fall into the 10%?

O I can’t wait to read the comments on Facebook from the Orange cult about this.

alexa play vibez by dababy

I’m curious if this means Blacksburg as a whole will have herd immunity

faculty members are extremely good at waiting until the very last minute to do things, so I expect there will be a big jump just before their due date

Unfortunately you can't really get herd immunity with the delta variant because vaccinated people can transmit it to one another, but it will essentially negate "regular" COVID and still drastically reduce the incidence rate and hospitalization rates for the delta variant. 

Hopefully, if a "booster" shot is approved as a measure against the delta variant, Tech would be able to facilitate distribution and allow the entire student body to get inoculated against Delta too.

It wouldn’t be an issue but I bet they still lock us down again and cancel full capacity lane stadium. I hope I’m wrong.

They fall under 10%. The 90% is for the ones that are fully vaccinated according to the website

Even VT isn't spared from having a comments sections pulled from a Liberty U donor's wet dream.

Link?

ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʟᴀʏɪɴɢ: [DaBaby - VIBEZ (Official Mus](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U2JyeciEwSI) ─────────⚪───── ◄◄⠀[▶](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U2JyeciEwSI)⠀►►⠀ 1:59 / 2:59 ⠀ ───○ 🔊 ᴴᴰ ⚙️

I put mine in the day after it was announced, and it still took multiple tries before the system even accepted it.  With how many non-faculty staff don't have computer access at home I wouldn't be surprised if they just haven't been able to even though they've been vaccinated.

>Unfortunately you can't really get herd immunity with the delta variant

If the vaccine can at least reduce the transmissibility of the variant, then it's possible that herd immunity may have already been achieved. I'm not saying that infections won't exist; I'm saying they may die naturally. That being said, I have no expertise. This is mostly just me hoping. :)

Why is this comment downvoted. This is actually a huge concern now. And also a main reason why I’m personally considering wearing a mask every day too.

[removed]

>I hope I’m wrong.

You and me both! I don't expect things will look like they did pre-COVID this year, but I at least hope they don't look like last year.

This is from the last announcement. 

https://www.facebook.com/50719463053/posts/10159634155268054/?d=n

The anti vaccine folks claim Tech will be shut down, kids don’t need the vaccine, they will pull their kids out and send them to Liberty or out of state. It’s a fun read of conspiracies.

It seems that your comment contains 1 or more links that are hard to tap for mobile users. 
I will extend those so they're easier for our sausage fingers to click!


[Here is link number 1 - Previous text "▶"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U2JyeciEwSI)



----
^Please ^PM ^[\/u\/eganwall](http://reddit.com/user/eganwall) ^with ^issues ^or ^feedback! ^| ^[Code](https://github.com/eganwall/FatFingerHelperBot) ^| ^[Delete](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=FatFingerHelperBot&subject=delete&message=delete%20h7g78c8)

Your assessment is correct but your understanding of what herd immunity is isn't. Herd immunity is when enough of the population is inoculated against *spread* (not just sickness) that if an unvaccinated person gets sick, the majority of the people around them are vaccinated and *cannot spread the virus* and the virus is starved of potential hosts, dying out.

Vaccinated people can still spread the virus (see my other comment on your post) so we can't get "herd immunity" but we can make the spread negligible to a point where nobody is getting *seriously sick or hospitalized* which means we won't become a hotspot and get shut down. Which tbh, at this point, is all I really hope for. The rest of the covidiots can suffer the consequences of their actions.

it wont though. the vaccine only gives antibodies for the spike protein only. Your body has no way to recognize the virus of the S1 protein changes in anyway. 

&#x200B;

 "Be aware that vaccines trigger antibodies to specific viral protein targets. For example, currently authorized COVID-19 mRNA vaccines induce antibodies to the spike protein and not to nucleocapsid proteins that are likely detected only after natural infections. Therefore, COVID-19 vaccinated people who have not had previous natural infection will receive a negative antibody test result if the antibody test does not detect the antibodies induced by the COVID-19 vaccine."

&#x200B;

[https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/safety-communications/antibody-testing-not-currently-recommended-assess-immunity-after-covid-19-vaccination-fda-safety](https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/safety-communications/antibody-testing-not-currently-recommended-assess-immunity-after-covid-19-vaccination-fda-safety)

&#x200B;

the spike protein changes rapidly in order for the virus to evolve, while most of the virus remains the same. potentially evolving within individuals with vaccine. Someone naturally infected can continue to recognize the virus even if the spike protein changes.

People don't like the truth when it isn't what they want to hear

I think people are interpreting it as nay-saying. All I'm doing is correcting the usage of the term "herd immunity", not necessarily disagreeing with the original commenter.

It is unlikely we will become a hotspot or that we'll be shut down again unless something changes (e.g. a new variant circumvents the vaccine).

Either way I would recommend wearing a mask if you're nervous, or if you think you might be at risk even with your vaccination. I have asthma so I'm not taking any chances, but a healthy vaccinated adult would probably be fine and could afford to take the risk of illness if they wanted to go maskless - for now.

This is blatant misinformation. The CDC has stated that the delta variant [may be as transmissible in vaccinated people as it is in unvaccinated people](https://www.voanews.com/covid-19-pandemic/cdc-delta-variant-infections-vaccinated-people-may-be-transmissible-unvaccinated).

> The Pfizer-BioNTech vaccine was 88% effective against symptomatic disease and 96% effective against hospitalization from Delta in the studies, while Oxford-AstraZeneca (which is not an mRNA vaccine) was 60% effective against symptomatic disease and 93% effective against hospitalization. The studies tracked participants who were fully vaccinated with both recommended doses.

[Source.](https://www.yalemedicine.org/news/5-things-to-know-delta-variant-covid) Please do not spread misinformation. Spread is possible in vaccinated individuals but the risk is significantly lower. 

That means we won't have "herd immunity" because nobody is immune to the delta variant but it does mean its spread will be significantly stunted in our area, making it unlikely that we will become a hotspot and put back into lockdown.

What do you mean? Classes won’t be online and I doubt they would change that at any point

I’m gonna save what’s left of my sanity and not click on that.

Big shout out to Jack Villanova. I don’t know who he is but he seems to be putting a lot of work into combatting vaccine hesitancy in those comments.

Love how they think they got the right to pull students out

Good correction. If the vaccine lowers the rate of spread, though, even without stopping it, such that the R-value (I think that's the term; what I mean is the expected number of infections that each infection will cause --- the reproduction rate) is below 1, then infections will die out rather than growing. Is that not considered "herd immunity", even though there is some spread?

> ... delta variant **may** be as transmissible in vaccinated people ... That means we won't have "herd immunity" because nobody is immune to the delta variant

May is the operative word! We still don't know for sure. I work in a modeling lab and this has been a major topic of discussion for the past few days. I am fairly certain the "Delta may be as transmissible in vaccinated" idea came from this preprint paper and similar preprints: 

https://www.medrxiv.org/content/10.1101/2021.07.31.21261387v1

In this particular one they find that, using PCR, people with Delta + vaccine shed just as "badly" as unvaccinated folks. **But** what PCR cannot easily tell you is the status of the shed virus. You can amply fragments and detect them as "present", but perhaps the virus is not viable.   

This is well outside my area of expertise (I'm a modeler, not a molecular), but there is already push back on this paper from the molecular bio folks. At the end of the day, it could be either / or. Maybe the vaccinated folks are shedding harmless damaged virus that can't infect others, maybe they're shedding viable dangerous virus that is just as bad... maybe they're shedding both and are less infectious but still infectious (my gut feeling says this, but gut is useless in science, so we'll just have to wait and see). 

Hopefully the vaccine does reduce transmissibility, but either way, we should maximize vaccine uptake as it definitely protects against hospitalization and death. While healthy / younger folks are very unlikely to die, COVID19 can still cause all sorts of issues and is not something to be fucked with lightly.

Ok bud

Lane Stadium and other athletics capacity. Mask rules in all the many times and places that people meet. IDK. I've learned not to expect plans to survive contact with the proverbial enemy.

I am struggling not to click it!

Yeah don’t bother. I spent half a day at my desk at work arguing with someone’s mom who provided a screenshot of a screenshot of a screenshot as proof of her “own research”

I clicked the link. Jack's comments are great. VT should name a building after him for service to the University.

What looks to be his brother Daniel Villanova is also putting in work lol

Mans speaking facts

It COULD be if students were the only people who could get exposed to the virus, but with only a 68% vaccination rate among faculty/staff and even lower among townies last I checked (who will come into contact with students at football games and on BT transit), I doubt we will reach the overall threshold needed for herd immunity (zero/negligible transmission). But even now Blacksburg is doing better than the surrounding municipalities and I expect that to continue even with the increased population as students return, due to student vaccination rates.

Thank you for this wonderful addition! This is why I'm encouraging people to be cautiously optimistic and be prepared to go back to masking if necessary, but right now it seems vaccination is still very effective and I wouldn't be worried about another *lockdown*.

Yeah sounds like last year, hopefully not

Stolen from the facebook meme page

This is so bass ackwards. I was so hyped to get accepted to VT. Then imagine you get an email like "yo can you put this on hold, we'll throw you a couple thousand". Its insulting to our future hokies.

I thought it was 2000?

Hey there, this is my meme!

Lolol man the poor planning put into this by VT really worries me

Wait they are paying students to rescind their admissions?

Man as an incoming freshmen this housing crisis really makes me worried. Imo it makes VT look stupid and has already tainted my opinion on it. I’m still super excited and all but I don’t want my experience and classes to be secondhand compared to other years

But I also haven’t gotten an email asking me to please fuck off for a year so I’m hoping that’s a good thing and they actually want me (?)

How about the 5k offer to implore them to choose a different school?

For some people saving 15k for a year plus the free CC tuition would be really tempting. My family could shit out money and pay for my college out of pocket but theres definitely plenty of people who dont have that luxury

To take a gap year and start fall 2020

One of the three options is a 1k scholarship
The other two are: they pay for a CC and defer to 2020. Or they pay for summer 2019 and 2020 and defer to 2020

Wait, so tech will pay for students to go to their local community college for a year and then come to tech in fall 2020? That is a hell of a deal. You’re  saving what, like 15k, maybe more? And you get to take some of the harder CLE classes in a more relaxed/ easier setting. If I was an incoming freshmen I would seriously seriously consider this option. And milk it for all it’s worth. Like take 5 classes a semester. Get ahead for free.

no way

Parents won’t let me lol

its not an open offer though. only some students received the offer

I see. Still, if given it I would jump at it.

Making an offer like that to some students seems very unfair.  I wonder what criteria they used to select recipients.

&#x200B;

EDIT:  

The incoming freshmen are in-state students who have declared the following majors:

* General engineering.
* Mechanical engineering.
* Aerospace engineering.
* Biomedical engineering.
* Biology.
* University studies, essentially an undeclared major.
* Exploring technologies, a subset of university studies.

Same. Amazing deal.

Likely they chose the most crowded majors.

I wonder if they also targeted those who aren't already getting a butt ton of financial aid as well.

Message from Hokie mom I try to do this each semester, so if it annoys you, skip it.

Congratulations to the Hokie grads! May your future path be fruitful and blesses you with joy. 

Hokies, as exams approach, do your best. That's all we can ask. Try to relax over break. Enjoy family and friends. 

If you find that home or wherever you go is too much, if you can, take yourself out of the toxic environment. If you can't leave, take it one day at a time. 

If you are failing a class or school, it may seem like the end of the world. People in your life may make you feel like a failure. But as a mom who has kids who have struggled in school, who has failed a class in college, let me tell you that it's not the end of the world. It's a speed bump. You are more than your education. Don't let a diploma or your grades define you. 

Yeah, I am a Polyana. But I have been where you are and 30 years later I am not the depressed, anxious woman with a C+ GPA that I was then. I am a woman dealing with depression and anxiety who is a mom, a wife, working for an awesome company. Life is mostly good.

So advice?
Stay hydrated.
Always carry an umbrella.
Quit toxic environments.
Know your worth.
You are not an imposter (unless you're playing Among Us).

Ut Prosim.

If it annoys me?! Are you kidding! I'm a senior and I look forward to your posts every semester for the last 4 years. So really, thank you. 

I went through college reading your posts, and now that I'm nearing the end, I can agree with your comment on failing. I failed more than my fair share of classes and you're right, in the end it doesn't really matter. Do your best but don't beat yourself up over it. Everything works out in the end.

Thank you Hokie Mom!

thank you ma hokie

Awww I think you’ve got to be one of the sweetest people out there.

I'm a grad student currently on the verge of tears at the threat of getting a B in one of my classes instead of an A. I feel pretty worthless and definitely like an imposter. This post helped bring me back to reality, and is making me reconsider spending break neck deep in books. Maybe I'll take it a little lighter. Thanks ❤️

Thank you :)

This is so wholesome  and I love it! I’m also a mom and live in the area. We’re rooting for you guys! And my 10yo daughter thinks anyone who goes to Tech is “like, a genius”. Lol. She believe in y’all too. Sending love.

i never comment but thank u hokie mom

I’m graduated now and still find your posts uplifting.  I hope to be like you someday, Hokie Mom!

Seeing things like this warms my heart and restores my faith in humanity. :)

:-)

You keep thinking that. :)

darling you’re in grad school!!!!! having straight As with one B is frikken amazing!!! keep it up, you’re doing great.

I’m a grad student too and I’m going to tell you the advice I got when I was looking at an A- in a course. No one looks at your GPA in the real world after you graduate. Just do your best and remember that you are a grad student - that takes a lot to be in that position. You are smart and capable of so much. Hang in there!!

Professors be like....

I always write my essays only about a day or two in advance, writing comes really easily to me so I've never really had an issue cranking one out. I'm the kind of person that usually has to trim down their essay, not beef it up. I understand it's a struggle for others tho :/

Lol , “achievement unlocked” tonight 😁

I just write as much as possible and hope for the best. Usually it works out.

Number one issue I see on most essays I peer review is not argumentation, but grammar. And bad grammar can detract or skew the opinions of a potential grader to the negative side, even if the argument is good. I've read A LOT of above-average papers that had subpar grammar and got worse grades than people with better grammar skills but weaker arguments.

90% of the time it works out

Stay strong Hokies, we've got this!

this is so cute

I just picked up animal crossing yesterday, it’s been a great quarantine game so far. I’m a big fan of the VT shirt design!

I must be the only person on the planet that is not playing Animal Crossing.

Love it! Nice digs.

Link to the QR code?

[VT Pattern](https://scontent.fric1-2.fna.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/90755731_10159431078777786_1342265872290414592_o.jpg?_nc_cat=111&_nc_sid=dd7718&_nc_ohc=Y6l60VUIeDcAX-_42aj&_nc_ht=scontent.fric1-2.fna&oh=2bfb99eb8b7299a0b40df1c2da806bd5&oe=5EA1E813) \- as soon as I get the Able Sisters, I'll post the QR code as well!

Masterful. Stay strong, Hokies.

Thank you!

Thank you!

[deleted]

Me either and I'm questioning my choices.

I don't have the Able Sisters yet, so I can't do a QR code, but I can show you the pattern!

There is 3 of us!

Please do I really want to get some VT patterns in my island

[deleted]

Here's the design: [VT Design](https://scontent.fric1-2.fna.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/90755731_10159431078777786_1342265872290414592_o.jpg?_nc_cat=111&_nc_sid=dd7718&_nc_ohc=Y6l60VUIeDcAX-_42aj&_nc_ht=scontent.fric1-2.fna&oh=2bfb99eb8b7299a0b40df1c2da806bd5&oe=5EA1E813). Please let me know if it works, Reddit sometimes gets squirrely about linking pictures.

5, And it's on basically every sub I'm on

There's practically dozens of us!

Drone show during Old Dominion game Since everyone had already left, or could nt see the drone show since it was behind the south end zone (lolz), here is a cool pick I snapped walking to my ride

There were so many things wrong with that ODU game, it was comical at some point. This stupid halftime show was only just one of them. Other than the people at the very top of the south end that peeked over the wall, I don't think anyone in the stadium could see this damn show other than the video board. Might as well have just been a youtube video. They could have flown them over the barn, the practice field, the corners, or just you know *flown them higher* so people could see. 

My other favorite stupid thing that happened:
- Team scores late TD, video board cuts to "Skipper Cam" for the cannon shot, and... we see an empty field. Skipper and the Corps have left. No boom. Chef's kiss.

The only Drones that showed up to that game.

https://preview.redd.it/drfkdqx7qkpf1.jpeg?width=3024&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=18b93516f4539645bbbbb2077f1dee594a09521c

pimping the lottery. saw a hunk as i quietly slithered out at halftime

I would have preferred seeing the Drones work on the field.

Anyone else inside the stadium who couldn't see it? Nobody around my seats could see it either.

Best part of the game

Another stupid thing that happens EVERY game: the net behind the goal post doesent raise high enough to stop the ball from nailing someone in the stands. Happens every time. Might as well not even have a net. God damn we are pathetic rn

I still haven’t watched a game recap and not sure I want to, was it basically like 2019 duke again?

Wait— the cadets left?😭 That’s sad but funny at the same time

What was the halftime show? It wasn't the marching band?

So dystopian, state school advertising their states gambling operation to their residents

That’s hilarious and awful.

Does someone come to retrieve the ball from the stands?

Worse.

Same. I told myself that I’d subscribe to YouTube tv again if we looked solid at halftime. Needless to say, I chose to watch the NASCAR xfinity race instead on twitch. And I’m scared to watch the recap…

Yeah, last touchdown and we had 3ish min left at that time. Skipper cam showed an empty field. It was hilarious and sad.

It was the band, followed by this poorly executed drone show.

I have no idea, but fr next time there’s a field goal,  pay attention to where the ball goes and more often than not it smokes an unsuspecting fan 😂

I decided to, at least skimmed it. First half had lots of booing which was expected

I am going be watching for that now! Lol. Some of the people arguing over foul balls should come catch a football. 

I have watched people get beaned during high school volleyball games. Glasses broken, knocked out and EMTs called so I can't imagine a football coming at someone from that height.

Cookout my beloved (watercolor by me)

brought me to tears, true art, I am so moved

Dear god—did they close? If they did I blame the community for not appreciating them as you should. I once left my own house party and walked there for milkshakes. Delightful!

I miss their shakes

The curtains close on a kiss god knows we can tell that the end is near.  Tell me, where do we go from here?

What flavor is it?


Also, you can't go anywhere else, Cookout is the only thing that's open

Cock Out closed? Noooooo....

Is it closing?

Put this on a shirt and ill buy it

This is gorgeous

I got stickers if you want

Ill take some

Look at my Redbubble in my bio

Hokie lilies

🧡

beautiful

If you parked the USS Enterprise on the Drillfield it would fit perfectly with room to spare.

Somehow I know I’d see an orange envelope on the windshield

UPDATE: You can fit a few Millennium Falcons before it's end-to-end

I suppose the Enterprise is much smaller than I expected.

Does it fit perfectly or is there room to spare?

Which Enterprise?

[deleted]

INFO: Which Enterprise is this?

https://i.stack.imgur.com/ndeuf.jpg

https://parkmyspaceship.com/#/#MoFwhgTgBAIgpgZxBA9gTzhAPgTgAxYDEAZgCx4UEDMA7AHQBMDAjKQKwMAcnODpAbPwZYAtJzx1SLUqRoMazHpxpUsrIA

Have fun

psh i just had to stop by in my [super star destroyer](https://i.imgur.com/qOw8qmd.jpg)

We have two definitions of the USS Enterprise

[Related video](https://youtu.be/aTPwbVqU6lc?t=219)

>perfectly  
>  
>with room to spare

I need to see this measured with TIE fighters or X-Wings, I wanna see contextually how big those Star Wars hangars are (or inversely, how small those ships actually are)

The D is much bigger.

Yeah yeah yeah I can't edit titles

NCC-1701.  No bloody B, C or D.

(Also, reusing hull numbers is stupid)

Excellent point. I need to know, OP.

OG Constitution. You can tell because the Warp Nacelles are rounded on one end.

I have no idea

Damn is the JJ Enterprise really that big? Damn now I hate his movies even more.

No u

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=8X_Ot0k4XJc

D is still the sexiest Enterprise imho.

Senior design project, give the billionaire club a run for their money.

Ah yea u got me

Last night sucked so here’s a baby tiger with a VT on its forehead

Woah

Makes sense, seeing as how tigers own the VT brand. Tech is 17-29-2 all time against FBS schools with the tiger mascot that they have played:   
Clemson: 12-22-1  
LSU: 1-1-1  
Auburn: 1-3-1  
Memphis: 3-3-0

Wtf I didn’t even notice that when I first saw it

r/eyebleach

that's one way to look at it...

I see it as All Tigers are born HOKIE fans!!!  GO HOKIES!!!

I admire your outlook on life. Glass half full kind of guy, I respect it!

whoever made the crepes this morning at turners: i'm literally gonna suck u off, the crepes were actually the right texture today and not rubbery and soggy like usual. literally busting a nut as i eat my crepes. ily.

Sir this is a Wendy’s

least horny virginia tech enjoyer

damn should I go back for another degree?

Never got the crepes as an undergrad, line was always f’ed

Bonk

[bonk](https://i.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/033/758/Screen_Shot_2020-04-28_at_12.21.48_PM.png)

Op busted ON the crepe

Between the one dude's quest for frat boys and this post. . .campus must be thinning out.

Bump

I've gotten crepes on Wednesday twice, and both times were actually perfect?? Like I've made AND eaten crepes at other places but these.... magical

If I say I made the crepes, do I get the good zucc?

I just checked to see if they had the masters I wanted after I read this post.

Apparently it was all of the felatio that gummed up the works

Same reason I only ever bothered once for the bagel joint

Extra creme please

if you assign work over break you must answer your fucking emails that is all thank you

Amen

Welcome to college

No you don’t lol

Life*

Care to explain your logic?

This is easily the most downvoted thing I’ve seen on this sub.

Absolutely right, love how I get downvoted for someone whining on the internet.

Ya they don’t owe you a damn thing. They’re people too enjoying the holiday with family, most likely, and you’re a student with an assignment. They don’t need to be accessible 24/7 for your questions

Leave him alone

Shit take

Easy solution: if you don’t wanna be bothered and enjoy the holiday break, then don’t assign work over break

I actually graduated in May :) but if you're going to assign work that is due on days the university is closed you definitely should be available to your students! 

How is it fair that students should have to be responsible for stuff assigned when the school is closed but professors aren't when they assigned it?

hes a big boy and can answer a simple question right?

It was a simple question what's wrong with that?

Don’t tell him what not to do1!1!!

Who says they’re being bothered? They prob just don’t open email at all, not bothered whatsoever

He doesn’t have to explain himself to anyo e

Hey! You can't tell ME to not tell HIM not to do what ... to ... what are we arguing about again?

Don't think anyone was talking to you anyways there chief

Sensitive much?

my will to study at the tail end of 2 and a half semesters of remote learning and self-teaching during a global pandemic. i just want to get it all over with at this point. studying under these conditions is mind-numbingly loathesome.

I've probably spent more time doing college at home than I have actually in college

Couldn’t be more accurate

Gonna need a whole week of sleep after finals.

i feel that + senioritis like i’m going to miss tech but online sucked the fun out of it

Lol. A Hokie throwing a fit.

I definitely have, as a freshman who stayed home a semester

Spotted in Loudoun, VA! I went to look at houses and one neighborhood had this gem! Streets named after VT

Is that by the giant in south riding? I always drive by there when I'm home and see it

Biscuits and Gravy from D2 Street

There's a road called Gobblers Knob in blacksburg off happy hollow and it's always been my favorite road name

Loudoun County Hokie checking in!

Cool.

[Here it is in Google Maps : )](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Hokie+Alley,+Dulles,+VA+20152/@38.9227114,-77.5209279,18.74z/data=!4m5!3m4!1s0x89b641a3e49e8ee5:0x9b227b7c1ac2cc73!8m2!3d38.9232851!4d-77.5223616)

GO HOKIES!

That's awesome!

Now we just need a Michael Alley. ME3034 anyone?

And less than five miles away, there's a small cluster of roads named after towns in northern Hertfordshire, England, where I grew up.

Really missed the chance to name it drillfield drive

There are many street names in that neighborhood named after VT stuff. McComas Terrace, McBryde Terrace, etc.

AWESOME

SO COOL

[deleted]

yep, i believe so

Happy cake day!

The OP posted 8 pictures and included shots of those!

Ratio'd

I see them now. I wish the app was more obvious when there are multiple photos.

To the person that airdropped this pic to me before taking the ecology final—thanks 😂

Nothing says romantic like Whittemore

“As you all know I spent a lot of time in Belize...”

I airdropped it to you, I was the kid in the VT sweatshirt sitting right behind you.

Multi final hit hard

That’s where I took my calc final yesterday.  Damn, that shit was hard.

[deleted]

HOLY SHIT I WAS HOPING SOMEONE WOULD COMMENT THAT

Hahaha omggg, legend. Thanks for the memes! Hope that final went better for you than it did for me 😂

You guys need to talk, meet, and then update us!

my friend in multi said it was hell. thank god I don’t have to take it til next year. poor guy, we’re only freshman.

Can't be talking shit about McPherson like that. That man is a saint in ECE.

I also have no clue what's going on in this picture

Bruh it was EVERY CLASS

I agree

Whenever I actually paid attention he would just be talking about Belize again, so I went back to my online shopping 😂

I feel like the class was just an excuse for him to talk about Belize so he could justify going to the university. I didn’t actually learn any ecology from him, just the book 😅

I didn’t learn a thing, he was the most boring professor I’ve ever had haha. Also, he doesn’t condense his info at all... five 50 slide PowerPoints worth of info will be on each test + homework. Like yikes lol

Yeah in the same boat. I’m hoping none of the other upper level bio classes build on this info. He was honestly one of the worst professors I’ve had; I did have fun deleting all my PowerPoints from my laptop though.

Taken near Foxridge while walking to campus

Beautiful! Sometimes smells like poo

My Navy Company runs there on some mornings and it is stunning to look up and see the stars (especially in this field)

Man I miss that walk to classes at the start of the year.

This makes me nostalgic. I used to walk that trail every day, made me feel like an old, wise man.

I love that trail when the leaves start to turn!

making the walk to campus look way more appealing than the vomit-inducing 8:30am bus

I’ve been out of tech like 6 years and out of Foxridge longer but I still think about that walk sometimes.

Way better than waiting for an hour while every passing bus reads “bus full”

Yea, best part.

Whaddup gideon

r/cursedcomments

Here's a sneak peek of /r/cursedcomments using the [top posts](https://np.reddit.com/r/cursedcomments/top/?sort=top&t=all) of all time!

\#1: [cursed_teletubbie](https://i.imgur.com/V8noyyi.jpg) | [1823 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/cursedcomments/comments/cl7hwr/cursed_teletubbie/)  
\#2: [Cursed Tesla](https://i.redd.it/0kq5p7limdc31.jpg) | [2081 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/cursedcomments/comments/chiwen/cursed_tesla/)  
\#3: [Cursed baggy](https://i.redd.it/p1fxwb49aci31.jpg) | [705 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/cursedcomments/comments/cupvo5/cursed_baggy/)

----
^^I'm ^^a ^^bot, ^^beep ^^boop ^^| ^^Downvote ^^to ^^remove ^^| [^^Contact ^^me](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=sneakpeekbot) ^^| [^^Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/) ^^| [^^Opt-out](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/comments/ciakte/blacklist_vi/)

Virginia Tech Biochemistry grad wins the Miss Virginia pageant by performing a science experiment onstage as her talent

She survived the assholes in the Chem department and was still successful afterwards? Good for her.

Demonstration****

She's probably the first notable person from systems biology.

[deleted]

“You’re breathtaking!”

Tech undergrad going for her PhD at VCU

Downtown Blacksburg, VA (1904, 1930s, 2022)

I was hoping someone would see it :)

Sharkey’s is the real OG

Does the 1904 picture show the same view as the other two, looking South on Main from College Ave? Very cool. Thanks for sharing.

Damn how old is the building that sharkeys is in?  Must be haunted af

Campus Emporium—also an OG.

guess all the power lines are underground.

Not enough vape shops.

This is great photo. Will be there tomorrow to see my sons

1904 pic: *suddenly becomes animated, pennywise runs up and spins on telephone pole* "welcome to moe's!"

Yep! They're all about the same angle. You can see the building that Sharkey's is currently in is present in all 3 pics. They refaced it in 1934 so that's why it looks slightly different from the 1904 pic (which someone else pointed out is more likely 1905 due to the game score)

Copying my comment over from the main post:

---

A little history on this corner of town!

Building on the left: built in 1900, home to the Ellet drug store and the post office, refaced in 1934 as the William Preston Hotel. Current location of Sharkey's Wing Joint

Building on the right - in 1930s pic (Plank-Hoge Building): built around 1930, home to the corner drug store and then the 5-10-15 cent store. Current location of Moe's Southwest Grill

Go Hokies!

#22 Virginia Tech defeats #9 Virginia 65-50

🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀

Virginia ends a 15 game conference winning streak dating back to last season.

Imagine the crowd that would’ve been there

Mike Young is gonna end up being like Beamer for our basketball program

Wow we really are a basketball school now. I was saying that for a while just as a joke but we really are now.

God I wish could have been there I just know the energy was electric

Remember those utter fucktards like u/ut_prosim who thought that Mike Young was a bad hire. LMFAO. CMY is going to take us to the moon!!!

The cut-outs should have rushed the court!!!!

BASKETBALL SCHOOL LFG

#1 in the ACC here we come baby

It’s always a good day when you beat UVA!

Always a good day to beat UVA

If we had fans the building would have fallen in!!!!! WHAT. A. WIN. Coach Young's leadership is really turning us into a legit contender. We turned the tables on their suffocating d in the first half and suffocated the life outta them in the 2nd. That was so awesome

This could be considered one of the biggest wins in program history. 

Not because of the rankings, rivalry or placement. But because - this is the type of game that VT basketball historically loses, and not only did we not lose, we won it in a definitive manner. (although ESPN still spun it as an off night for da who?s) 

VT has been at this spot in seasons past with Buzz and Seth and even Mike, but until this season, VT BBall was never able to win this kind of game and assert itself as a frontrunner and premier team in the league. This year with a 7-2 record, there's no denying it, yeah the sponsors want the Dooks, Heels, and Hoos, but this year so far, is a year for our HOKIES!

GO HOKIES!

We’re a basketball 🏀school now...

Big time!  I want the ACC hoop crown to flaunt!  And eff uva

Fuck UVA

To the moon!

Thought I was still on r/wallstreetbets

Fitting, a streak for a streak

We'd have blown the roof off of Cassell tonight!! 

A 19-0 run is unheard of, they fell apart and we kept rolling

I LIKE THIS TEAM

##DIAMOND HANDS ONLY HOKIES, YOUNG AND ALUMA TO THE MOON 💎✊🏼🚀🚀🚀🌙

Popcorn man!!!

Man I hope

Perfect hire

We’re a wrestling school

Been that way for a while now

That Hunter Cattoor dunk, despite being .3 seconds past the shot clock, would have torn down the house.  The team's lockdown defense in the second half was unbelievable.

Imagine shorting CMY

I thought he was okay but didn't see this happening. He was local and did good things at Wofford. Saw some hints of this early last season but they've put it together this year...even without Radford

I [\_believed\_](https://www.reddit.com/r/VirginiaTech/comments/bal92x/hokies_hire_woffords_mike_young_as_mens/ekdssxi/?context=3) (thank you, thank you!) but my Gregg Marshall comment did not age well.

I was going to say that your comment was kinda rude, but then I saw your username. I'll see my way out.

To play super devil’s advocate, there were probably comments like this after Fuente’s 10-win season. And now this sub is collectively calling for his job. Young is still new to this program, and let’s hope this success we’re seeing now continues. But let’s also not give him a blank check and an absurd buyout, please.

I would have loved it if some dude was in the stands after the game chucking cutouts onto the floor to simulate a court storm

Everything old is new again. I was at VT 1978-82 and we were a bball school then. We were an independent in football and sucked pretty bad. We were in the Metro Conference for basketball (Louisville, Memphis State, Tulane, Florida State, and others). It was a great conference and we had some very good teams. Cassell rocked.

WE LIKE THE ~~STOCK~~ TEAM!

both ended at 15 - cosmic.

UVA scored 4 points in the final 8:29 and all 4 of those were in garbage time.  They went over 7 minutes without scoring.  LMAO.

A much needed quality win over a top 10 team!

The collapse almost makes me think the crowd was there in spirit. It really felt like you could sense it after we tied it up and then Bede getting fouled

poppin like Orville Redenbacher

Bede dancing when Cattoor hit that dunk made it worth it on TV

If you did, You should obviously ask Melvin capital for a job lol

Yea I was in Blacksburg from 2006-2012 ...I guess I was spoiled football wise...basketball we had our upsets but last season and this one is the best in my opinion

Our defense is AMAZING this year. The only reason they ended first half ahead was making contested 3s at the end of the shot clock. It was a bit flukey to be honest.

More importantly VT stayed solid 

It's EZ to slow up when your opponent does in a big game.

HOKIES played their game while UVA fizzled. 

A sign of a mature & confident team!

GO HOKIES!

Very attributable to Hokie defense when it comes down to it

this season is very good so far

Last season was better than expected but not great. (.500 record and ended with Corona)

As of right now -

VTs best seasons still belong to Buzz but,
Mike Young is way ahead of where Buzz was in year 2!

GO HOKIES!

Kayaking the New River two weeks ago. A quintessential Appalachian Day

Damn I'd love to do that with some friends...

can you rent some by the river?

[removed]

Yeah man there are a couple of outfits all along the river. Tangent Outfitters down in Pembroke is my go to but definitely not the only game in town. Venture Out also does trips for students for really cheap.  

The really useful part is they shuttle you so you don't have to worry about carpooling or kayak racks. That is worth every penny.

They’re well over six feet apart

And outside.... and live together.....

I got diagnosed 2 days ago with COVID-19 F. I'm immuno-compromised so honestly I'm just hoping I make it to fall quarter. Literally all this midterm, fall quarter confusion, etc feels so far away. Just felt like saying [goodbye](https://gfycat.com/remotejitterygull-leonardo-dicaprio) to all of you if this turns out to be where my story ends.

If this is the end, shit was essentially nice. I've got my regrets, but pretty much everyone does.

I can't pretend to really know what you're going through - the stress, the worry.  Please try to stay positive though.  This is \_not\_ a death sentence even if you're immunocompromised.  A battle may be headed your way, but there are people who've dedicated their lives to helping and supporting you.  Family, nurses, doctors, and people supporting the entire medical system are here to help you.  It may not help much coming from a random internet stranger, but we're all hoping for you and sending some positive vibes your way!

I hope you overcome this virus. These are hard times, but in the end, Hokies stand together. Whatever happens, we will be praying for you. 
Hopefully in two weeks+ you can give us an update and tell us about your recovery.

I am so sorry. Please try to stay positive and believe you can make it through this. Hokie Nation would love to see you in the fall, you can do it ❤️

Please let us know how you progress. We’re here to support you at every step

I’m so sorry! Though I am curious— had you been self isolating/quarantining? Wondering how you may have contracted it :(

[deleted]

If it helps, I have a primary immunopenia and I’m not immune to any of the pneumonias covered under the vaccine- but I had this last month and I was sick for 3 days - sore throat, fever, diarrhea, had to lie down after taking a shower because just standing up was exhausting- cough. fever went away, then came back for two days, and that was it. The cough never got bad and I didn’t  get pneumonia.

Sending love- a family member of mine was in a similar situation but was thankfully able to recover, I hope its the same for you!

Best of luck! Hoping things turn out alright for you

Godspeed and good luck soldier

I hope you'll be okay, fellow Hokie.

Shut up and stay positive. I know it's easier said than done, but don't let this virus get the better of you. Keep fighting and promise yourself to see a new day. Keep us posted. We'll pray for your recovery.

I call 100 percent bullshit on this post

If you’re in Blacksburg I have some extra cold and flu medicine, tissues, and pedialyte I can spare.

Will be praying.

There are centenarians that have recovered from COVID-19. Ditch that quitter mentality and take care of yourself. Being down about this will only make your situation much harder to recover from. You got this. There’s nothing that says you can’t be one of those that beat the odds. I’ll be hearing from you again soon brother

As a fellow immunocompromised Hokie, you have my prayers. We are rooting for you.

Any update OP?

How were you diagnosed?  Test kit? What symptoms did you have before diagnosis?  How long since your diagnosis? What symptoms do you have now? 

Where are you currently located?

Good luck and stay positive!

Hokies are strong -you got a community rooting for you and praying for you. You got this !!  Keep us posted

stay strong my friend. we’re right here rooting for you.

Lol you're gonna kick this fucking thing's ass. Stay positive.

Did you make it? 🥺

Got it from a family member and yes I've been self-quarantining. All I can do is encourage other people to stay safe!

This was a beautiful bit of tough love right here.

You SHOULD NOT TAKE certain types of cold and flu medicine with COVID, especially with immune disorders! Some medication, like ibuprofen, can exacerbate the situation and stunt your body's ability to fight off the infection. Consult a doctor before taking *any* form of medication right now.

Just hanging in there, staying positive, mostly trying to think of all the things I'm appreciative for and realizing I don't have it as bad as other people. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GI6CfKcMhjY

These are all super important questions and idk why they were downvoted

Are you in Blacksburg?  Anything somebody can bring you?

I’m so sorry :( do you live alone? Can you utilize the drop off delivery / no contact services in the area for your food needs?

There is no actual scientific proof for this: https://www.factcheck.org/2020/03/no-evidence-to-back-covid-19-ibuprofen-concerns/

That’s good to hear!! I think the average sick time is 10 days so you’re almost there! Hang in there ◡̈

No evidence but there are anecdotal claims, and other forms of fever-suppressing medication HAVE been linked to exacerbating COVID-19 infection. The point is you should talk to your doctor before taking any medication with COVID. What we know about it changes from week to week and you shouldn't try to self-treat it.

Welp

lmao! they asked for this when they made the templates public.

I guess this happens after the shower inspections?

[deleted]

The person that made this has a bright future ahead.

you got me fucked up if you think the mask coming off during sex

I’m screaming 😷😂

Where'd you find this? 😂💀

I'm sorry but they want ya'll to screw with masks on???

A screenshot of a photo of a screenshot of a photo, wow

They’re spoofs y’all. 😂😂😂

Why welp? Best content reddit has seen all 2020

People out here are actually hooking up in a pandemic. Bodily desires you seek and bodily failure you shall receive

What’s going on with these signs?

They really made it wayyyy too easy!

Where can I find these?

Hokie Condoms -- "Prevent the Future"

We don't do that here anymore

Furries manage it. ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯

I'm pretty sure the mortality rate for healthy college-age adults is next to zero.

Memes irl

[https://ready.vt.edu/communications-resources.html](https://ready.vt.edu/communications-resources.html)

oof

VT and every other college that hasn’t switched to online yet.

But did they have Ut Prosim to guide and protect them?


Yeah, I thought not.

Top-tier meme

Real safe reopening has never been tried.

You'd think VT of all places would try the mitigate the chance of a massacre but I guess they already got their money so fuck the kids.

The country is boned.

Can you imagine having only a simple understanding of a complex situation? Yeah, me neither, cuz I’m a smart redditor and I only think smart things.

I have my son there & if they can successfully teach with hybrid classes and proper PPE protocol, sigh, I'm not confident it can be done safely. When Harvard & Johns Hopkins University opt for online teaching only, it may be worth following? If they come through this timeframe successfully, they'll certainly be setting a precedent!:

I’m confused, it seems like people actually WANT school to be objectively worse by being online only. That people WANT vt24’s freshman year to be ruined. That people WANT half of Blacksburg businesses to shutter because of no student patrons. Is it wrong to have hope? Is it wrong to want to be in Blacksburg with Hokie Nation? If any school and community can get through this it’s us.

#”BECAUSE IT HASN’T BEEN DONE BEFORE”

Please chill with these memes they’re hella overdone now.

The “VT Bad” meme is getting kinda stale, yall.

And still won't be, by the looks of the idiots bitching about parties being stopped.

As an ‘07 grad, I’m glad someone can bring up the irony. I don’t see this as a lewd joke. This is spot on. Great choice of a word and the down voters are short sighted.

[deleted]

My understanding / personal views is that no one truly WANTS to be online or ruin VT24’s first year. I am a senior, I dont WANT my last season of football to have no fans/not happen or WANT my ring dance to never happen.

The thing is, none of that matters when theres death/serious illness in the picture. Sure its ruined, but you get to live through 3 more years of college if you’re a freshman. Seniors, we got 3 wonderful years here and a whole life ahead of us. There’ll be football again. Classes are a pain online (im all online) but all this pain is better than getting really sick or getting others really sick. 

I tested positive for Flu A in Feb and was worried beforehand I would be the first covid case in the US. I went to my friends 21st celebration a few days prior cause i wasnt feeling sick yet, and just to think if I didnt have the flu and had covid instead, all of my friends would be sick and spread it to others. Regardless, just had flu. This pandemic and my care for my friends kinda taught me to be cautious even if they could get no symptoms cause what if it goes to your parents/grandparents/best friend with health issues/favorite older professor.

People on the sub including I just.. see the inevitable. People are gathering I mean heck, its college. Theres off campus students that arent testing. These combine for a not-so-great ending. I just personally wish the school did the right thing not inviting us back, especially when we as a country cant contain this. 

If you have to meet virtually to talk about students going back, you shouldnt have students going back.

I hope my perspective of this whole situation helps clear atleast some confusion for you.

Nobody wants that, nobody wants any of this. But not having people in the Hokie Nation die is more important than the “freshman experience”.

[deleted]

Sounds like you need some ut prosim in your life

Because they wont want to admit they're part of the problem and all these dead kids and faculty will be on their hands.

Sorry guys, but opening a campus and cramming thousands of kids into tenement style dorms and overcrowded classrooms while surrounding them with places to congregate is going to get people killed, and in a way that was entirely preventable. Tim and his cohorts at the top are killers. They'll get thousands of people potentially infected and then send them all home to get their money. And while they get rich you lose your grandma or aging parents.

I think masks are unfortunately being perceived as a "ticket" to do social things again.

Its been 13 years.

If anyone actually cared at VT they wouldn't be sending potentially dozens of students, staff, and/or their families to their demise. I guess Tim and his supporters wants to beat the high score while getting rich doing it.

It boils down to an socio-economic dilemma, Virginia tech and Blacksburg are packed with students once again and our economy thrives.

Or we let tech operate remotely for the foreseeable future, they lay off thousands of employees and begin to board up buildings on campus. At the same time there’s an exodus of the now unemployed fleeing Blacksburg looking for work. Houses are abandoned and businesses are boarded up. Land value tanks, etc.

Going through with that second option would save how many lives? The idea of “flattening the curve” means that we’re not trying to stop people from getting it. We’re only trying to slow the infection rate as to not overwhelm hospitals.

“Is it wrong to have hope: Yes” 

I bet you’re fun to be around

Jesus Christ this is pathetic

Wild how a comment I made that was more sarcastic than the one I made here got upvotes on a separate post but got downvoted here

As a graduate who loved the relationship that Blacksburg had with the students when I was there, I feel bad for the people actually living there year round. I worry that a fracture between the town and students is going to be stupidly long, and not unjustified by the Blacksburg community. I stayed during the summers. When things get back to normal, I highly recommend taking summer jobs in town, you’ll learn what the locals actually think and it’s valuable to your behavior, your relationship with such an amazing, unique place. If that was true 15ish years ago, it’s going to be so much more true for current students going forward.

But it *is* wrong to have misplaced hope and expectations that this semester will be anything close to normal.

[deleted]

No nihilist

Me after hearing about the plans for dining

F in the chat for D2 dumps

It appears, in your anger, COVID killed her.

Can you imagine living on campus and not being able to go to D2 for dinner every night bc i sure can’t

Are they getting rid of D2?!?

Did they say dine in was gone?

DINING PLAN UPDATE. I emailed VT about rollover dollars from spring and got this response: "Roll over flex money from the spring will be available to use on campus this fall. The money will still get the 50% discount even though you won't have a full (new) dining plan"

Straight up response from VT Dining Services

I’m about to cry

owens is better anyway

Honestly, good riddance. The absolute constipation I had to live with was unimaginable

NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO

Bruh i love your username

D2 had a few options for pick up before, they may choose to dramatically expand those this year. Dining still needs to service basically all the on campus students so I figure most dining halls will have to stay open.

This is the only question we should be asking ourselves.

I just want D2 pizza :(((((

Pretty sure they said they’re only offering togo and takeout for on campus students, and no dining plans available for off campus students.

Thank you!!!

thanks for posting this, I had a mini heart attack until I read your post lol

Sadly enough D2 pizza may have been the best on campus

wtf how am i gonna live

Not even dining dollars?

What about for students who had money left over from the interrupted spring semester? I thought they said it would roll over bc of covid. (I’m living off campus in the fall)

How does that work since they rolled my dining plan forward to the upcoming semester? Oh god where will I get the shits now?

I am terrified!

My college life is dependent on a daily dose of Owen's General Tso's chicken.

Literally, after the quarentine hit, while dining was still orderable for off campus students, I ordered 4 days worth of general Tso's chicken. That was the last time I ever had it. :(

I miss it so much.

I was thinking bout that too, I’m too lazy to look it up so I’m guessing last semester will be refunded

Wait till you graduate. I never thought I’d miss Owens as much as I do lol

I love tech, and I think I want to stay here until I die from sleep deprivation.

2010 graduate here. I sorely miss Owens.

graduating was, and remains, the worst decision i ever made

What Frank built, Whit has destroyed. Nothing more to say. This is more than sad.

And we've run out of Fuller brothers to be a silver lining of our defenses

I was at the game.  The  number of people that left at the half was unbelievable.  Probably around half left...HALF!  It was 95% full at the beginning of the game.   And the boos were so loud it was ridiculous.  Hopefully this is a wake up call for the school

Beamer was bad the last couple years of his tenure. He was obviously a shell of his former self years before he left. I think the last great year we had was the one where we lost to Michigan during that controversial ending. I think it might have been Logan Thomas's first year. We had some bright spots, but we weren't consistently good for a while.

I just don't know how VT football can succeeded in the NIL era, especially in a ACC that's on the brink of collapse.

The one and only thing saving Whit right now is that Tim Sands doesn't care about athletics

I woke up from a nap and said "shoot, the VT game"

And then I googled the score....

Frank Beamer retired a decade ago. As time goes on, it’s increasingly obvious that VT remaining a perennial powerhouse was an anomaly. Much of Fuente’s lack of success came from a university administration and athletics staff that was slow to adapt to change because “Frank always did it this way.” That was never going to work. Our university was behind by 2021/2022 when compared to the rest of the ACC and now in the new world of college athletics and NIL it’s even worse. We are in a precarious spot and I don’t know how it gets fixed.

We should have cleared house of all of the legacy people who were around during Beamer's reign. They contributed to the toxic environment that persisted under Fuente and now we have this.

Babcock needs to go. Until that happens, nothing will change. You might as well continue to ride Pry because Babcock is clueless.

Rather than have an over reaction and fire everyone immediately, we should make the calculated and smart moves that save us the most money for next season and  set us up for success. 

We are playing chess not checkers. Keep Pry through the end of the season then fire him it saves us 4 million which we need. Put in some other quarterbacks so we get a sense of what we are working with for next year.

Whit can go now because the cost is more tolerable. Start interviewing pry's replacement. Raise the athletics budget by increasing tuition by a couple hundred percent student. Begin the start over fundraiser to get some money from the alumni. Go get good players through NIL.

Tech needs a proven coach who has an understanding of the NIL/ Transfer Portal era...I mean, My God, look at Old Dominion.  Hey, what about Oregon..OREGON! They do it...  But college football now is something like the Money Ball era in baseball. A lot of stuff is done off the field .Pry is/was  not a head coach . You need to use a pro type model..It might be something like getting 1 or 2 great players every year and showcasing them while building up the level 2 players similar to the way Frank did...BTW what the hell happened to Drones?

Before we even consider Babcock, I want us to remember how terribly VT handled Frank's retirement. With him holding on longer than he should have, and Jim Weaver failing to have a good succession plan in place. We should have known Beamer's successor at least 1-2 yrs before he left. 

Now to consider Babcock. 10 years is enough. Goodbye.

WVU fan/alum that married into a Hokie family coming in peace:

My father in law played football under Coach Coffey in the 70s.  Even though me and my family are WVU die hards, I don’t relish in the hurt my wife’s side of the family feels.  It also sucks we don’t play anymore yearly, but that’s beside the point.

From the outside looking in, the only way Babcock should keep his job is if he pledges to pour every resource into getting Shane from South Carolina.  He’s whiffed big time on the last 2 coaches and shouldn’t be allowed to make a 3rd hire unless it’s Shane.  Maybe y’all totally disagree, but just my two cents.

I encourage you to go back and read and listen to frank in his own words 

Frank and VT (and the fans of the time) wanted a national championship. But that was a big lifetime achievement. VT under frank saw and accepted success as winning 9 games 

Beating a shitty uva

And making a bowl game

And for 25 years that happened and the fans were still excited 

In all of that time VT has won a single BCS Bowl game

This is t entirely true. Beamer had a big hand in it. Also the fan base worship of Beamer. Fuente didn't have a shot because he was always having his hand tied to the past. But the big culprit is John Belien. White is t blameless, but in other sports he has more than helped tech grow. Belien and daughter have helped run the football program into the ground. Read the SI article on it

Frank and weaver built it. And they built it in a completely different era of CFB. Remember Frank’s last few years. He couldn’t pivot to the modernization and corporate structure of CFB. Ballein needs to be kicked out along with Whitt. The BOV needs to increase the budget so we can afford good coaches, NIL era, and modernize the department

Sorry to say but techs fanbase is so delusional. You were good some years thanks to a dog killer. Wow. 

Other than that tech is literally trash. 🤷🏻‍♀️ yall so mad at the coach but had anyone yelled at the players. Like the quarterback? Running back 20+ yards or whatever. Like WTF. Take the sack. Take the down. 

And those catches from those other players. I’ve seen better plays from youth.

Beamer wasn’t that good he just got lucky with Michael Vick

How many years do we gotta wait until all the brothers have 5 sons each to fill our roster?

No more Fullers, no more Edmunds.

Georgia Tech is succeeding and we spend just as much as they do on football.

Money can help out a lot but it’s not the biggest reason we’re in the spot we’re in.

attempt sable glorious imagine angle bow innocent license frame rhythm

 *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev/home)*

VT spends $41 million a year in football, more than everyone in the conference besides FSU, Clemson, and Miami (and tied with GT).

We won't be competing with blue bloods, but there is no reason we couldn't consistently be in the top half of the conference. 

There is no excuse at all to get boat raced by a team like ODU that spends less than $10m a year. Especially in the age of NIL.

We’ll just lost got blown out to a team with a fraction of the resources in a much worse conference.

Boise State just made the playoffs from a joke conference

There’s no excuse for VT to be this bad

Frank and the admin rested on their laurels. Doesnt mean Frank isn't a legend for what he built and frankly I blame Weaver and Ballein for not giving Frank a better off-ramp after 2011 and for them being lazy for not building up the program for all the years we were relevant only for poor Fuente to raise the alarm and be completely shut down. Babcock took too long to then raise the alarm again (just a few weeks ago!) but maybe that's only because he knew what was coming. A shame all around, but as others have mentioned, nothing we cant get back to if we really want it

VT has no hope at top 25 unless they spend considerably more money 

With that said at the BARE minimum we should be top 1-2 teams in the state. Can’t even say that much right now

He probably sees athletics as a waste of money.

Yeah cause I mean academics and such don't matter at all compared to football.

Tbf, Fuente also blew up our recruiting pipelines and systems, which led to his losing seasons once Frank’s recruits were gone

I mean we’re right there financially with the other schools that aren’t top of the line in the ACC. We spend nearly identical amounts of money on football compared to Georgia Tech and they just beat Clemson. 

This take that we’re doomed for permanent irrelevancy because we haven’t matched Clemson and FSU financially is tired and lazy. Sure, VT is never going to be competing for a national championship in the age of NIL, but they’re not doomed financially.

Well Babcock isn’t going to fire him, he knows he doesn’t get a third chance at hiring a coach. Whit’s job is tied to Pry’s at this point. Agree he needs to be gone, but whit won’t be the one to do that now

“Raise tuition”

[deleted]

>In all of that time VT has won a single BCS Bowl game

We won three big name bowls, the refs stole the 2012 Sugar Bowl. The 1995 Sugar Bowl counted as Bowl Alliance instead, but still counts. We were a quarter away from a title, and won six conference titles back when we were in legitimately great conferences. Plus we were the most consistent team over a 15 year period until Saban arrived. 

We were not on par with blue bloods, but were a legit great team. There isn't a hint of that left now...

Sure but how many acc titles does VT have? And how many does Miami?

Could you link the SI article?

Absolutely braindead take

10+ wins 8 years in a row and 13/18 seasons at one point. Wasn’t a fluke

LMAOOOO

Actually it was Jim Druckenmiller who really put VT football on the map 30 years ago when they won the Big East championship in 1995 and went to the Sugarbowl that  year and beat Texas.  Micheal Vick came along a few years later.

I'm a Commanders fan and I'm waiting for them to make their way to the NFL

The board is already talking about dramatic increases to the athletic budget and even after 15 years of mediocrity we still rank highly in ratings and attendance.

The athletic department’s just been dysfunctional since 2014 when it comes to money and football. They’ve allowed the Hokie Club to be drastically ineffective with bad leadership, have flopped on 2 football HC hires, especially the Pry one by allowing a first time HC to build an inexperienced staff. 

When whit goes, most of the department goes with him, and it’ll all just depend on the next admin. Everything’s there, this is absolutely a school that can capitalize on its marketability and *extremely* loyal fanbase, but it takes good work from the top down.

Odu definitely isn’t outspending VT.  That is bad coaching and the players are not playing for him.

Georgia Tech is doing..... fine. They're doing better than us but I wouldn't consider GT to be the program I'd like to model VT after. 

I want VT to be a consistent Top 25 team again. GT may be ranked after their win today but they are not a consistent Top 25 team. And to win nowadays you either need to attract players with money, prestige, or something. We need the money, we don't have the prestige unless you're above the age of 30, and I don't know what other perk we can give top players.

I don't think ODU outspends VaTech. They outplay us though.

People who say Beamer’s final years were bad are not comparing it to now. Now is way worse.

This is far more the truth than White sucks.

This just isn’t true. Hope of top 25? That should be achievable, maybe not every single year. The plan was to inject more money into football anyways. Even if it’s not the 25 or 50 million more that was asked, reaching the top 25 some years and at least being in the hunt to make the ACC championship with 2 or 3 games left should be achievable. I don’t think anyone expects us to make the playoff most years, if that’s what you mean by top 25.

He sees the writing on the wall with the NIL. Unless you are a top program spending ungodly amounts of money, it isn't worth it to try to compete.

They kinda are.

Yeah cause you’re only allowed to care about one.

> blew up our recruiting pipelines and systems

what system 

Tajh Boyd - 2008 at Phoebus played the Group AAA Viringina State Championship game at Lane Stadium 

But missing out on **Local** top talent was nothing new

In 2 years Vt recruiting targets for 2014 and 2013

Andrew Brown 

* defensive end for the Los Angeles Chargers of the National Football League. He attended the University of Virginia, Brown was a 5 Star recruit as a two-time High School All-American at Oscar F. Smith High School in Chesapeake, Virginia

Quin Blanding

* Blanding attended Bayside High School in Virginia Beach, Virginia  was rated by Rivals.com and Scout.com as a five-star recruit and He attended the University of Virginia

Derrick Nnandi and Josh Sweat

* High School All-Americans at Oscar F. Smith High School in Chesapeake, Virginia were 5 star high school recruits who played at FSU
 
Rick DeBerry

* From Atlee High School in Hanover County, DeBerry was a 5-star recruit by Scout, and was a 4-star, top-150 prospect by Rivals who signed with Oklahoma 


----
Beamer also had a very old school mentality focusing on local students.  So missing these local kids is an even bigger issue.  And all of these were defense players in the Bud Foster era, an "extra selling point" go to make it a bigger loss

But attended the University of Virginia

The devil works hard, but VT parking services works harder. I was playing intramural soccer tonight and went to park at the parking services building and before I parked I luckily saw a VT meter maid handing out tickets. At least 30 cars got ticketed. It’s ridiculous, no one ever parks up there and the one time it’s needed they’re there at 8pm in the freezing cold giving out tickets. Preying on the students who give them thousands of dollars a year to be here. It was such a heinous cash grab by the university to push the parking till 10pm and the students have suffered from it. Ut Prosim at its finest.

VT Parking Services pushing back free parking on campus from 5 to 10 pm was truly some wicked shit. Just a reminder their original plan was to make us have to pay to park on Saturdays as well last year. They scrapped that after an insane amount of backlash.

If everyone instead rode bicycles in 30° weather and snow it would be utopia.

I'm sure you guys remember that tornado we had a few weeks back? and you know all those warnings saying to 'get inside immediately' etc etc? I decided that you know, that was probably a good play, so I just parked in the lot closest to my dorm thinking 'theres no WAY they would ticket anybody for this, ya know?' 7am the next fucking morning, parking ticket on my windshield (and the best part is, when disputing the ticket, they said the tornado was not a valid reason to park there...)

If only our government worked as hard as VT Parking Services… goddamn

Every single person at the university should get together to call parking services / whoever in admin and demand free parking after hours. Get it to the point where the phone is ringing every minute with complaints. 

I understand restricting parking during the day because it's already a mess, but after 5 or at least 6 should be fair game like before.

On god if I see any mf in the comments defend the asinine time change imma hit em with a fat down doot

Over acceptance every year + less C/G parking + trash “alternatives” (ex. Parking at Chicken Hill and getting bused to main campus) + shit time changes made an already flawed parking system even shittier

as a grad student, i once had some experiments i needed to monitor overnight. i left campus, arrived back at 10:30 pm or so and stayed overnight. It was raining and cold, so I parked in a "CP C/G spot" nearest the door to ICTAS II. I knew I had to move my car by 7. I set an alarm for 6:57, and on my way down the stairwell at 6:58, I looked out and saw a parking services guy  parked behind my vehicle and standing in front of it. I told him I was moving my car and he just looked at me, printed the ticket, and slapped it on my windshield at 7:00 am. "I don't make the rules, I just enforce them."   


I lost my appeal. I easily could have moved my car out of the space if he wasn't waiting there blocking me in.

Yk tech doesn’t fund vt parking services.

Dude, fuck VT parking services. I was ticketed two times two years ago.

You were allowed to start parking in a certain lot at 7pm (I think). The first time, I parked there there two minutes before parking was allowed. Two fucking minutes, and I was ticketed.

The second time I definitely parked there like 30 minutes after parking there was allowed, as I didn’t get off work until right at the allowed parking time, and I was still ticketed. Shit was WHACK

[deleted]

So that I may serve by giving more and more money to Tech

half the restaurants are understaffed in bburg but they don’t have a shortage of lame ass meter maids

To make things even better they went and blocked off half the lot out by oak lane also

I’ve never cared about the mess that parking on campus during business hours is because I just don’t do it but it’s so dumb that they took away after 5 parking. The after 5 parking pass is cheap enough that I think they wanted to make money on the tickets and not selling the actual pass.

Guess they've got quotas.

Was it the 6a lot? All the way up the hill on the left?

I’ve been ticketed like 3 times now. The first time I parked in the “carpool lane” in front of NCB, it’s like a whole entire row of spots with one sign at the other end stating it’s a carpool parking row. So fucked

I unironically love reading these threads - like VT is the only place that parking sucks.

Brings back memories of watching people get towed every single day when I worked in downtown DC, and having to take the train because parking was like $20-30 per day depending.

Did you all forget Tim Sand's favorite phrase? "Ut Prosim, so that you may serve me!"

funny of you to assume that VT Parking is not Satan

Why is VT any different than other places and locations you are not supposed to park? Just park where allowed to park and for the duration it allows. That is all done for a reason guys...they aren't out to get you.

Or, hear me out, just following the parking signs and rules and you won't get ticketed.

The long term plan is 24/7 enforcement. 10pm was the stepping stone.

https://www.staffsenate.vt.edu/content/dam/staffsenate_vt_edu/minutes/2020-2021/2020-08-20-StaffSenateMinutes.pdf

page 2

Yo wtf. Damn I keep saying I got out at the right time (spring 2019) cuz I swear shit like this would boil my blood on the regular.

All cause of “covid” lucky in 2017-18 it wasn’t like that

That makes my blood boil

Don’t the emergency services say get inside ASAP? I’d be getting a lawyer at that point or something.

Not defending the time change by any means, but the "Tim Sands and everyone in the VT Admin are pure evil & want to steal all your money" takes are questionable.

It's not \*that\* hard to not get tickets if you just read the signs at least once, and don't try to skate the edges, like the guy below that waited till 2 minutes or less before the deadline to move their car.

This is the shit that really gets me. I know undergrads are mad but sometimes this feels like a direct attack on graduate students on campus. Lots of grad students work late hours. We are also paid barely livable wages AND we are supposed to pay for overpriced parking ontop of the fees? Fucking insane. The after 5pm parking was at least a small silver lining but they took that away from us. I used to come to campus every day and now I only come once a week to attend seminars. I'm lucky enough that I work in a CS focused field tho, most aren't.

damn I'm mad for you

shoulda just pulled out and forced him to move anyway lol

Unfortunately they don’t ‘profit’ off of it. VT administration doesn’t even fund parking services. It’s an auxiliary service. I understand you can be mad at parking services but statements like yours are totally invalid.

Thats because being a cook/server is hard work, usually underpaid, and everyone hates you. At least being a dumbass meter maid the work is easy, although everyone still hates you.

No, the two before I believe

Be careful, if you get to 5 (I think, might be 7) they boot your car, then it's a boot removal fee plus whatever else you owe

I'm Living in NYC now wondering why all these people have cars.

Because we already pay 30k$+ a year to come here… we’re not visiting some mall somewhere

Remember during covid when people would get out of their car for 1 minute to go grab food they ordered bc we all had to use up the money or lose it? Remember how VT parking services ALSO hid in the bushes frequently by turner to ticket these people despite hazards being on and them leaving their car for 2 minutes max?

I guess buying a $200+ pass plus parking at LR lot then walking across campus to turners should’ve been everyone’s first choice! Damn pesky rule breakers!

Fair but the Virginia Tech Parking ticket is still made up of dicks

I can forgive the one writing the ticket if they have a quota to meet or some shit but then that means whoever made the quota is a dick

Ok, hear me out, shut up.

so where are people supposed to park for soccer?

“Jeri Baker” is the one who said “why offer free parking after 5pm” evidently there was nobody who thought of a good enough answer. What the fuck Jeri

Lmk when it hits. I'll start another petition

Will not cost more to enforce until 8pm-some employees will just come in early while  
others come in late to cover the extra hours"  


Soo.... are they saying that they're gonna have staff work longer hours? How will this not cost more...?  


I'm so confused lol

Seriously vt has been dumb the past couple years in several things

I understand that much but everything comes down to profit. If there’s less parking provided to students, an astronomical increase in students, and a fuckery of a time change for open parking that should mean stable or decreased parking pass costs. Yet they increase every year and ticket harder than ever

On another note, Tim Sands + the boards rapid expansion of the school without the proper means to support said expansion (via over acceptance) has fucked housing, traffic, and parking all for the sake of profit

It literally all happened so fast

haha I think that’s only if you don’t pay them. Plus I’m graduated and hopefully will never see another VT meter maid again

Errm, yeah, you mentioned you were in NYC last time you replied to one of my posts too.

But yep, same. Although if your salary is high enough, who knows. I worked with some folks who sometimes made more in overtime than I did in an entire year.

[deleted]

Is this the most cursed apartment complex in the area?

For anyone wondering this is the place right above Benny's/Spicity. I dated a girl that lived there and about ~75% I went over there were people playing beer pong in the hallways; also, the floors were constantly sticky. I miss that place...

This was the best place for parties.  When I used to go, each apartment would have a themed drink and it was kind of like bar hopping only with parties.   And no one lived there that didn't want to party and it was inside so if the cops got called it was always later than a normal huge party, and usually only after someone did something stupid outside like fighting.  Oh it was so great.  Such good times.

This place along with the 6 or so townhouses next to it were called Tech Village Center (TVC) when I lived there. The rent was cheap and the location was awesome. They threw Halloween parties in this place.

looks more like a prison complex

Ah yes let me just enjoy a coffee on my balcony and look at the beautiful view of a drop tile ceiling and asylum lights

Creds to [https://twitter.com/NBastel/status/1337548201600094212](https://twitter.com/NBastel/status/1337548201600094212) for the image. Just wanted to share it.

What the fuck is this? Why?

Wow so I’ve actually never seen this before

Wow bringing back a ton of great memories. TVC, was right behind the legendary Gumby’s pizza. As other have mentions lots of awesome parties, felt like an indoor bourbon street with people hanging on the balconies and such.
Someone had a projector and there was generally huge video “power hour” projected against that back wall.

This is where you lived if you wanted to party and never joined Greek life.

Best Halloween party every year. Amazing place if you knew people there.

Most underrated place in Blacksburg to live.

Ah I lived here my junior and senior year. It was awesome being a 1 minute walk to bdubs and the parties were mad fun. My bedroom had the indoor balcony so I would always hear people coming home at 2am loud af. Whenever it rained hard the roof in the lobby would leak and parts would fall it was kind of ratchet.

I live there now, it’s a fucking blast. Especially with COVID, all my friends are literally within 50 feet of me so we rarely even need to leave the building to have fun, beer pong in the hallway is definitely still a thing. The no windows definitely gets to me sometimes, but lamps and lights are key

Do they still have cameras at the ends? They were there in 93/94 and were put up a few years before that. We used to throw a football down the hallway and busted one of them.

Wanna hang out on the balcony and florescent gaze?

This apartment is legendary

By far my favorite place i lived in at Tech. The Halloween party we threw was a fucking banger. God i miss TVC.

Wtf hope its cheap :D looked like prison at first lol

Must be new, I’ve never seen that back then it would be popular if so. Probably called the cell block something or some similar name 😂

Never knew about this place!  Real interesting, little bummed I never saw it in person

Bourbon Street is a perfect comparison. Definitely partied there and I'm old as fuck (class of '05). Is it still going?

I subleased there for a summer.  It was great bc it was quiet at that time, but damn the rooms suck - 2 of them don’t have any windows so I literally went a whole weekend without seeing the sun.  The indoor balconies are fun though lmao

Looks like an inverted apartment complex lol

Looks fun af for parties lol

Was a big party spot even back in late 80's/early 90's.  I saw Boy O Boy there (aka: Fighting Gravity) - the stage was at one end of the hall and they had their brass section in one of those balconies.

When I was a student the president of the quidditch club lived in one of these apts and we got to go to the BEST quidditch parties here. One time the cops showed up and all us under age kids hid silently in the upstairs bedroom. I miss those awesome quidditch parties

So how many people sneak out of bedrooms behind that door on the balcony? At least  if you live in the same building you can run home barefoot.

how the hell did I not know about this for all the time I was there??? This looks amazing

Best party complex in all of VT. Went to a couple whole hall party’s there back in the day.  You lived there if you wanted toy party.

the sticky floors are legendary. glad that everyone hip to them

I learned how to play asshole in one of those apt parties in this building. It was especially good for Halloween. 😂

Hell yeah. Tvc halloween parties were lit back in 06-10. Rippp I'm old

I thought the same thing at first glance.

I think it was building code. There was a bedroom (a cave) that opened out onto the balcony because it didn't have a window.

GUMBY STICKSSS

Wait, no exterior windows? Damn, if it wasn’t dorm housing that’d be illegal.

What is the building called? I want to look at it

Nope they’re inactive now. Pretty sure they just left them up there for show and they’re too expensive to replace, you can literally see the PoE cable hanging from the cameras

Not new.  It was definitely a party hot spot 20 years ago.  Coolest people too.  I met some folks on the ground floor, just chilling in their livingrooms with their doors open, playing music.  They invited me to hang with them when my friend was late to meet up with me.  Good times.

Cops/landlords came down hard on the place around 2014 after a dude fell off the balcony drunk. Still definitely a cool place to be, but the demographics have changed to the points where its hard to be too loud without the cops being called

Fuck that's a blast from the past lol

It was a blast. Went to a huge party there once and cops showed up, at first everyone freaked out and ran into the rooms. The cops were chill though, they just made sure no one was driving home and then they took a shot on the pong table and left haha

Same years as you. The giant plinko was always a good time.

Haha I was at a few parties there in 2010/2011 - great time

So if the building is on fire, you can escape your burning room into another one.

[deleted]

^Pokey Sticks

There’s a few windows, but they’re only in the rooms that are up against the side of the building with benny’s

tech village center

When You Snag Their Coach + Their Recruits (... And Maybe Their Transfers Soon...)

A lot of you guys seem to be on the younger side and forget how terrible Penn St was before Franklin got there. College football is cyclical and even the strongest blue bloods have down seasons. When I was student VT went to multiple Orange bowls, Sugar Bowl and stomped Tennessee in the Peach Bowl. 

VT was winning minimum 10 or 11 games every year and schools like Penn St and South Carolina refused to schedule Tech. I know this because I had a close friend in the AD office who said VT couldn’t get these schools to play us, even if we agreed to a neutral site. Funny how when Tech was down  both schools agreed to play VT. 

Franklin is the 1st coach since Beamer/Foster that has national name recognition for recruits. I’m hopeful after a couple of years of better seasons we can stop all the out of state schools from poaching all the top VA high school talent. Go Hokies

Let's be real:

VT will get a structural advantage for the next 2 years or so. This coaching hire at PSU will give VT a decent shot at getting some top PSU players in the transfer portal (top players were advocating for the interim HC to get the job, and now that he isn't getting the job we have a better shot at those kids following Franklin), and we have a leg up on the kids already in the recruiting pipeline who were Franklin kids.

After that, it'll come down to whether Campbell or Franklin is the better coach/recruiter, and then the structural advantages of facilities, donor backing, fanbase, etc.

And let's be honest: after 2-3 years, unless we get some serious work done, PSU will have advantages on the structural advantages.

Franklin is probably the better recruiter, and it'd be a toss-up (IMO) whether Franklin or Campbell is a better coach with "B" talent. Franklin hasn't shown brilliance with "A" talent, and Campbell hasn't had "A" talent to show any results with.

In a head-to-head race between VT and PSU, VT has gained a short term advantage.

In the long race, VT was so far behind that gaining this short term advantage is HUGE.

VT won. PSU has, IMO, spent a lot of money and took a pretty serious short term hit... to very likely end up right back where they were before. If Campbell goes to the semi-finals of the playoffs in the next 12 years, he'll be a massive success.

And would be holding even with Franklin.

Go Hokies!

I just don't ever want to lose to UVA again.

Nah fuck all that. Hokies forever.

But I thought the Marching Virginians taught me we aren't penn state?

WE ARE NOT PENN STATE

I don't know, I'd take dog fighting over child rape.

All this Penn State dunking has the energy of making fun of your girlfriend’s ex

It’s a bad look.

Now that Matt Campbell has arrived, it’ll be tougher

Umm, Campbell is a way better X and Os coach than James. He will take some time to catch up in the short term due to the recruiting hit but afterwards its a step in the right direction for Penn State. Also a great hire for VT as James is a great program fixer.

Can we please stop engaging with Pederast State University?

The

When exactly was Penn State terrible? The early 2000’s were by far their worst stretch in modern history but they recovered by 2005 with Big 10 titles in 05 and 08.  Paterno won more Big 10 titles after age 75 than Franklin did period. 

O’Brien’s worst record was 7-5 during sanctions and reduced scholarships.

Beamer had 12 10+ win seasons in his entire career with tech vs Paterno's 21 with Penn State. Being a Penn State guy around VT, tech is so far behind in so many ways. Franklin will do better in the ACC than he did in the big 10 because the quality of competition is lower, but it would not surprise me if he left after 5 years due to friction with the AD and board of visitors

Wait what? Bill O'Brien was the coach directly before Franklin, he went 8-4 then 7-5, and before then was Paterno all the way from 1966-2011

They've only really had 4-5 bad years since JoePa (2004, 2003, 2001, 2000, they have 7-11 wins all the way to 1988 from there)

PSU's had a few down years, but has never been truly terrible the way we've been (2 3-win seasons in the last 5 years)

https://www.sports-reference.com/cfb/schools/penn-state/index.html

I think your last paragraph summarizes it well: PSU has spent a lot of money and have taken several steps backwards. At this point, their best case scenario is to hire someone that will elevate them to top3-5 in the B1G, compete for B1G titles, make the playoffs.

If only they ever had a HC like that! /s

I’m happy they got greedy/unhappy for our sake, Go Hokies!

The problem PSU is going to face is this class is going to set them back *HARD*. They have 2 commits in after signing day, and they’re ranked down at the 133rd overall recruiting class rank right now, one of the worst in all of the FBS. 

They will be a very bad team next year as players flee in the portal, and unless they find a diamond in the rough coach nobody saw coming they’re gonna struggle bringing in new recruits for a few years at minimum. The fact that they seem like they didn’t have a plan in place when they fired Franklin is ridiculous. This is the kind of mistake that sets a program back 5 years or more.

What?

This reasonable & accurate analysis would get downvoted to oblivion in the psu subreddit

Fantastic analysis, for all the stupidity and hilarity of the PSU head coach search they still managed a great hire from the looks of it, and PSU generally holds more cards than VT does.

That was one of my favorite chants in the band, haha! It was funny with Pry, but even more hilarious now! 

“We’re not Penn State!… Still not Penn State!”

Still not Penn State!

If Hannibal Lecter ran a 4.3, we'd say he had eating disorder - all of college/professional athletics

Those years that PSU coach diddled all those boys were pretty terrible.

We'll have to wait and see. That statement was true during the Fuente era, where he had conflicts with long-time admin members from the Beamer days. While those same individuals remain involved with the program, we can only hope that they have changed their tune or have a reduced role.

From all accounts, it sounds like Babcock has been supportive of the coaching staff - even to his own detriment at times (such as when he defended Fuente).

The most likely scenario is that Franklin will be poached by USC once the Riley experiment comes to an end. We just need Franklin to provide enough spark for the program to earn us a seat in with either the SEC or B1G.

And Iowa state only had the 50th best recruiting class with only a single 4 star recruit and the rest 3 star or lower. So even if Campbell can bring a lot of his recruits with him, it’s not going to be anything close to what Franklin had lined up to go there.

That is a great line. Who said that originally?

Yep, they definitely got the “best of the rest” for their hire but the Big 10 is another level above the Big12, even among the P4 conferences, and it’s not like Campbell was lighting the B12 on fire.

Steve Keim, he was the Card's GM till 2022.

This subreddit reacting to 400+ confirmed COVID cases...

This sub is full of people who are too scared to confront people who aren’t social distancing in blacksburg in real life so they come here and act all strong and intellectual

Nae nae

[deleted]

Brazil numero uno

This is beautiful

As someone who has been saying opening the school is a recipe for disaster from the beginning, this is such a stupid post. I wish that we were all wrong, I would be so happy if everything turned out ok. But all the evidence pointed in the opposite direction and the administration just continued to ignore it; and now what was forecasted to happen did happen. It’s not a cause for celebration, and no one thinks it is.

Folks, THIS is why you don’t lower standards to let underachievers into a university.  Looks like somebody doesn’t believe in science.

[deleted]

Ok im done with in person classes.

You’re more likely to die from the flu and you are from COVID-19 if you’re 20 and under.

We call that Slacktivism

I've confronted 2 people downtown and they just walk away and act annoyed. Try it for yourself feels great!

What's the point of confronting people anymore? People don't want to be told they can't do what they want. I have friends that I assumed would be pretty distanced given how they acted at home with parents, but I was mistaken. I'm not going to tell them that they're putting people at risk because honestly they might figure out sooner or later

[deleted]

Youre acting like theres a point to calling people out. They already dont care, they will just not care the 99.99999% if the time im not there

The best Reddit comment of 2020 award goes to...

Or people like me who are chilling at home and wondering what chaos is happening back on campus. Praying for you all

I couldn’t have said it better

I mean, I would be doing exactly that if I was retarded and actually came back lol.  


\*\*\*Edit: Go ahead and down-vote, doesn't make any of you people less stupid for coming back. Have fun catching 'rhona :D

💪😫☝️silent toe 🦶silent toe 👀 now watch me whip 👊😂 now watch me nae nae ✋😤 watch me whip whip 👊😪 now watch me nae nae ✋😳 do the stanky leg 💪😧🦵 do the stanky leg 💪😍🦵

Nae nae before you get a whoopin

What do I gain from the spread of COVID cases? What exactly am I wrong about?

BINGO!

I couldn’t care less about your grand standing and virtue signaling

How tf does this equate to me not believing science?

Tech's average GPA and SAT have actually risen. It's over a 4.0 average GPA now. But...
I know someone who is a professor with a PhD in physics from MIT who believes in young earth creationism, is anti-vax, and the denies the facts behind radiometric dating. Degrees and education are different from intelligence and compassion.

Front page of this sub is all memes of the situation and using the opportunity to shit on Tech even more . Foh

Even if this was technically true, it's such a selfish way of thinking. If you get infected, you could end up passing it to someone else who may be more vulnerable.

You’re more likely to have permanent organ damage from COVID than if you don’t get COVID.

You’re more likely to go through a windshield in a car accident if you don’t wear a seatbelt.

You’re more likely to get ass raped in prison than if you don’t go to prison.

You’re more likely to be a fucking retard when you say stupid shit about a pandemic on Reddit, than if you keep your mouth shut.

Even when you don't die, it's not like you're Scott free. Covid-19 causes permanent organ damage to everyone who gets it, weakening their heart and lungs

[Facts](https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/nvss/vsrr/covid_weekly/index.htm) and shit

Then have fun with all of the permanent health problems after recovering from covid. I hope you like heart conditions and brain fog.

Bruh, it’s not about YOU. How much selfish can you get?

Slack nasty

Dude, seems like you are basing your entire life experience off of Reddit and Twitter. Have you even had a serious conversation with a trump supporter? Have you ever had a conversation with a police officer?

I feel like if you did your little cartoon imagining of reality would fall apart

Yes you could have

Well apparently you gain your IN PERSON EXPERIENCE!  the end all say all beautiful in person experience.  Oh my God it’s a must. 

Kill the bitches I need that Gobblerfest.

[deleted]

Says the one virtue signaling

Damn!

That’s cause of all the kids cheating on online classes.

If you make shitty decisions, then you are shit.  That...is what VT leadership is right now.  So Yah.

>Even if this was technically true, it's such a selfish way of thinking

Devil's advocate: he MIGHT have just meant is as a reassurance, not as a guide for living. I wear a mask to protect others, but I also don't stress about it because those close to me aren't in at-risk categories.

[deleted]

You’re more likely to have balls on the other side of a computer than in real life, which you clearly don’t participate in.  Because you’re still hiding from COVID.

I’d tell you all my COVID-19 jokes, but there’s a 99.999% chance you wouldn’t get it

Slasty.

***

^(Bleep-bloop, I'm a bot. This )^[portmanteau](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Portmanteau) ^( was created from the phrase 'Slack nasty' | )^[FAQs](https://www.reddit.com/axl72o) ^(|) ^[Feedback](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=jamcowl&subject=PORTMANTEAU-BOT+feedback) ^(|) ^[Opt-out](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=PORTMANTEAU-BOT&subject=OPTOUTREQUEST)

Realist thing I’ve read, good on you. The downvotes confirm the denial.

[deleted]

Gobblerfest was virtual last night

The Motto

Just saying it because no one else is saying it, and quite frankly I’m not sure everyone knows. 

Virginia tech is not a for profit school. I dislike their handling of the pandemic, but if they didn’t reopen this year Blacksburg would be absolutely decimated. Virginia tech is not only the area’s largest employer by a mile (and think of all the lower-level jobs that would be eliminated from an all-online experience. We are not just talking teaching and research positions here), but the entire town relies on the student dollar to survive. 

It’s terrible that communities are having to balance health and well being with economic security, but that’s not Virginia Tech’s fault, that’s the government’s fault for not providing a true safety net to its citizens to weather this storm. 

I do not envy students right now. I also do not envy professors working their asses off to completely change their courses to work in a different model, and I do not envy administrators making these tough decisions. 

Remember that hindsight is always 20/20, that you don’t know every factor going into decisions, and that there really wasn’t a way to “win” this semester. No matter what happened it was going to suck. 

The way through this for all sides is to have some empathy for everyone, and do everything in your power to prevent spreading of the virus. It’s sucks. A lot. It’s not what anyone wanted this year’s college experience to be like, but here we are.

“That may I serve... you this bill that’ll take you 30 years to pay off.”

Ut Prosim is "that I may serve", or similar. ["Non serviam"](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Non_serviam), meaning "I will not serve", is the opposite, and famously attributed to Satan. Why are we not using this epic statement of defiance when mocking Ut Prosim?

Had to get that off my chest.

Yes colleges are a business...go figure. If you're just now figuring that out, welcome to the real world. VT is actually really cheap for what you get. You could be paying $60K+ a year for an undergrad program at Wake Forest or Duke.

That I May Serve*

*Virginia Tech's financial interests

[deleted]

A lot of the rules really don't help. Like you can't have more than one m
Non roomate in a room but all 24+ on the floor share the same bathroom anyway. Everyone's watching everything and the freshmen are living in fear of "being reported."  This is not healthy and rules need to be relaxed and reasonable.

Yes college is irrationally expensive, but no one is making you go. Can we stop bitching and moaning now?

Thank you! I'm so glad somebody said it. The school is not amassing profits to sit on. It's trying to survive so there's something left in the future and that our degrees won't be a relic of a former school that no longer exist. This virus is exposing issues in America, not generating them.

> Virginia tech is not a for profit school.

That doesn't mean the goal of the administrators is not to grow the school and brand, which means money comes first. Colleges have turned into all inclusive luxury resorts practically (LSU has a damn lazy river it's students paid for). They overcharge for everything to maintain this resort atmosphere. For example, the cost of (forced) on campus housing absurd given you have the *share* a 100sqft room and use communal bathrooms. It *should* be absurdly cheap to stay in those conditions compared to off campus housing. Not sure if it's still the same system, but the (forced) meal plan took more than half of your money to give you "50% off" at the dining halls. And that wasn't even enough to cover two meals a day M-F. No breakfast and no eating on the weekends I guess..

> It’s terrible that communities are having to balance health and well being with economic security, but that’s not Virginia Tech’s fault, that’s the government’s fault for not providing a true safety net to its citizens to weather this storm. 

Absolutely agree here. Voting matters *so much*, and the failure of the current government during this pandemic is proof of it.

[deleted]

[deleted]

Dont forget- we will charge you a cultural activities fee, a supplemental engineering fee, a student services fee, a sports activity fee,  an athletic fee, a technology fee, a transportation fee, a health fee, a commonwealth facility and equipment fee.

And dont you dare fucking raise questions like what's the difference between a athletic fee, a sports activity fee and the commonwealth facility and equipment fee..well, you could, we will just stall you by giving you a vague answer that does not really answer you question in a tone that conveys annoyance. And yes, we wont have any games this year, but we will charge fees for that. We charge ticket prices for the games too..but youll have to pay for that later.

Then don’t go?  There are much cheaper schools out there, and tons of financial aid if you need it.

What, 30-years? Student loan payments are on a 10-year payment schedule. You're thinking of a mortgage. /s

You could choose accountability over victim hood just as easily as you can change schools

No one forced these students to come back or sign up for classes. I'd have taken a gap semester/year, signed up for a few courses at the local CC and waited it out. Hell I'm not going back into the office until 2021 and they fucking pay me.

>getting rid of a bunch of the liberal arts BS but I know it's not happening.

lmao what a meme, I'm not even going to bother to rebut this you seem like a classic stemcel

[deleted]

If you think that liberal arts courses and professors are causing a financial  crisis, you are mistaken. The school barely has any liberal arts courses as it is. We could become one of those for-profit technical schools that you see advertised on Facebook and TV. But that's not what we want. We want to be an actual college who produces well-rounded and educated citizens. We want engineers, for example, who know that just because they can do something does not mean they should do something. We want engineers who can form coherent sentences and reports, and think outside of numerical and physical systems. 

What liberal arts things do you suggest they cut? Sociology? Public Health? Communication? Ethics? All the things that the country is doing so great on right now.
 /s

Me need college degree to get high paying job to pay off college degree.

Nope. It's called freedom of speech- we can and may bitch and moan as much as we like. 

Just like how you can express frustration on people bitching and moaning.

Agreed everyday someone complains about paying tuition during a pandemic. The joke was good at first but now it’s just repetitive and getting old

And as we’ve seen from the rest of the country, VT is hardly alone in this plan, and isn’t doing the worst. 

Quite frankly, no one is forced to be there. Everyone chose. I know alternative options aren’t great right now, but clearly at some point each student made the decision that school was their best bet this semester for whatever reason. I don’t feel like it was a secret in early August that this semester was going to be a shitshow, and still students chose to come.

Today, you learned that the phrase is "might as well" not "mind as well."

Lol a falcons fan 😂

[deleted]

[deleted]

[deleted]

I gotta say I didn’t learn any of that in any of my required liberal arts classes.

[deleted]

Yeah thanks we all know what freedom of speech is. But if you’re so stuck up on bitching and complaining about the money then do something about it or find another school instead of just wallowing in self pity about how much you have to pay. We all know the price, we all know the joke, find something new

[removed]

At this point propose a solution if you’re going to complain, blowing smoke just feels good but you’re not going to change anything.

[deleted]

Right and it's awesome that that worked for you, but undergrads are at school for the college "experience" (which they aren't getting this year no matter what). That's what colleges sell now. The education is an added bonus. Well the rat race that is keeping up with other universities to provide the more attractive experience and thus attract better students is balls expensive. Closing the uni would screw being able to pay for all the upgrades schools are constantly doing. If people want to bitch then send it straight to the top where the entire failure to correctly respond as a nation falls on. It's a damned if you do damned if you don't situation. The same people would be spamming memes if the university had told everyone to stay the fuck home from the start. People just need to grow up.

He's saying you sound like the stereotypical STEM major who belittles liberal arts degrees, because you do.

Creepy. Also, you already graduated. Also also, didn't anyone ever tell you just because something isn't important to you doesn't mean it's not important?

I agree.  Higher Ed is in need of a major overhaul.  The State of Virginia needs to collapse all of these programs and only offer them at 1-2 schools.  VT focuses on Ag and Engineering, UVA focuses on Business, Radford has teaching, William and Mary has Liberal Arts and so forth.  Why all of these state schools offer the same degrees in same disciplines is grossly inefficient.  
Anyway - the model will need to change and Covid may be the forcing function necessary.

Well I don't have to pay any tuition, and I make good money, so I'm good on the cost front. I'm talking objectively.

Let me reapply the core principle of your suggestion in my response. 

If you dont like me bitching and moaning- how about you do something about it instead or rather just go to another subreddit? 



We all get that seeing it again and again is frustrating and cliche, find something new.

In the Gulag comrade. In the gulag.

No problem. I never want to be a dick about it, but I think it's important people learn so they don't make the mistake when it actually matters, like a personal statement or resume.

It's like "bald face lie" (bold face lie), "peak my interest" (pique my interest), or "could of" (could've).

[deleted]

So uh I’m a biology major with minors in public health and medicine and society, having access to the “liberal bs” helps create a more rounded education and understand the world around us and how my career interests fit into that.

Teaching is not a major. You need courses and majors from within the department discipline you are studying under. William & Mary has an excellent business school, and UVA has an excellent education program. Matter of fact, a lot of schools in Virginia have excellent programs across the board. This whole little idea would cause way more harm than good. Where does the chemistry major with a minor in journalism go? The future doctor double majoring in bio and Spanish? Which school do they pick?

This whole post smells like you have no idea how any of this works.

[deleted]

Lmao I am doing something about it by telling you there’s no point to keep bitching about it on a reddit. Where do you think complaining on here will get you? And I am not going to go to another subreddit because some people actually post helpful information on here that I want to see. I actually come on here to hopefully learn something, what do you do?

I hear there’s a big echo chamber in the Gulag

I'm just saying it certainly seems like it. That said, having performed there multiple times, the Moss Arts Center has been incredibly beneficial for the music programs at VT. Of course if one thinks those programs should be cut I can see why it would be seen as a waste of money.

there’s not enough memes in this subreddit

Bruh, that’s ALL students though, tbh. This campus is a perpetual staircase.

I truly never realized how many stairs we had until I was on crutches for a month after having knee surgery, having to navigate the ramps and paved paths without stairs turns campus into a maze lol

All stairs shorter than or equal to 3 steps should be replaced by a ramp. If the ramp really cannot be made ADA compliant, at least let the bikes pass through.

When I came to town in 2000 it was said that you could navigate into any building without using stairs. It might not be the most direct route, but it could be done.

I had a similar experience where I had to push a big rattley cart around campus with samples on it between labs and it was an absolute nightmare.  It was also summer and so fucking hot while I’m pushing this thing up an actually very steep hill to get around the staircases.  I can’t imagine being in a wheelchair on this campus

what

Internet: *connected*

Me: THEN FUCKING ACT LIKE IT!

I can’t get the vid to load bc I’m on eduroam

Gotta love 1000 level classes... posting for a friend

Wow, hate instructors who dont grade on an according scale to academic standards, if only there was someone to send this to who could change that....

if you're a professor with this philosophy towards your student you should unironically never be hired again.

Huh, I guess that means there is no such thing as a “perfect” instructor rating.

As a professor, this kind of nonsense is despicable.

Lil update for everyone who reads this in the future, I helped write an email to the prof and the prof wants to talk over Zoom, as if it can’t just be resolved easily...

Send that shit to the DEAN ASAP

My boss graded accounting papers for his professor when he was at W&L. He was told that if the student was not an accounting major they got a B even if they had gotten an A technically. The test would be scored to adjust the outcome to the desired grade.

This is still evident in my 4000 classes. I get a 95/100 on most of my writing assignments with no feedback or correction on what I did wrong or could of improved.

At Reynolds college, for Biology 101, we had an asshole professor say the curriculum by itself didn't cover enough to warrant an A. To get an A, you would need to extra credit. For a 101 class.  


I hope he got fired and died on the streets alone.

I suppose this instructor should receive 95% of his pay after taxes since there is no way he is "perfectly" doing everything required of him at this job

@ my intro to fucking POETRY teacher

You should only have to pay for 95% since this professor doesn't want to teach 100%. 

In all honesty professors like this should be fired and barred from ever teaching again. I hope your friend dropped this egotistical pricks class and told him to pack sand.

Me: Next time you teach me, I'd like it to be 100/100 correct not 95/100 correct ty

Am TA. It's true that there is no such thing as a perfect submission... Which is why getting full marks doesn't imply that your submission is perfect, just that it's good enough to receive full credit. This doesn't make any sense to me.

Ah yes, the chip damage approach to grading

What if you get a 90? A 100 would balance it out.  Automatically taking off 5 points is such a dick move.

“...that still is an ‘A’ grade, the highest grade on the scale.”  Thanks for that, I didn’t realize an A was the best grade you can get.

I love 1000 level classes where my math teaches don’t actually teach us (we just use good ole YouTube) and complain when students don’t know everything on the test that is nothing like the homework or the quizzes. We love to see it 😄

Bruh what an idiotic thing to do

Having served as an instructor, this is bullshit. There may not be a perfect submission but if one can not provide feedback for improvement then it is better  than they have the right to mark.

Ok what the fuck

This is really common in architecture, art, and design. I've never seen a professor give a 100 grade for a project because they love to say "there's no such thing as perfect design."

Like, duh. Of course not. But there is such a thing as hurting my GPA to prove a stupid point

Holy...... That's idiotic

ugh, glad I don’t have to deal with that in the math dept

What class is this for?  It’s one thing to not hand out many or any 100s but to make it an actual policy...If they grade on a curve or have a system where the best submission gets moved to a 100 would be acceptable. One of the points of grading is to distinguish students performance. 

I’d be frustrated

reminds me of the freshman comp sci professor that expected people to hack the compiler to rewrite what it could do, to allow you to actually complete the final project, without ever telling anyone that they would have to hack the compiler, they were just supposed to figure it out.

I was a graduate TA for a professor who had all of their TAs meet up with him the day before final grades were due and decide what each student got in the class based upon "what they deserved". The criteria were:  
1) What did they contribute to discussion?  
2) How good of a person were they during class (we docked some people who were straight up dicks to their fellow students)?  
3) We had to fit everyone in the class into a standard distribution curve with the average grade of students who really actually tried be a B+ or something like that. So students who tried but sucked would still pass with a C, students who didn't try but were smart may get a D, and those who obviously failed on their own accord would just get an F.  


How did we get away with this, you ask? Well something like 25% of the course was participation, so since it was on the syllabus it could be "graded" until the day grades were due. This meeting was like....4 hours because we had a very large lecture and each of the 5 of us had a couple recitation sections.  


Anyway...yeah academia can be really shitty for pretty much no good reason.

Can we all just jump on the train and say this is a cop out.

[deleted]

Not sarcastic actually curious, doesn’t the curriculum and syllabus and all that have to be approved by department heads? So the dept head should already know about the 95/100 thing and be okay with it?

yeah, I think you should bring that up with a dean. I've had professors who said they rarely give a 100s, but it still meant you could get something like 99.999% which after rounding and some other goods grades could lead to an A, A+, etc. Also, what's the rubric? Yeah, there's no such thing as a perfect student, prof, or even person. That's why classes implement goals in the form of rubrics, not a criterion of if it's perfect or not especially when perfection could be subjective. To be really good in a profession takes min 5 good years of experience. Which is not realistic to get in 5 months. Courses should grade you on realistic goals, and how closely students got to these goals. After all, you're there to learn, not be perfect from the start. If you were perfect from the start, you would be doing something better with your time.  Also, the workplace is more goal-orientated and sets criteria for what needs to be achieved not if seems perfect or not.

That's crazy!

95/100

could ~~of~~ **have** improved.

Funny, that happened to me a lot in my technical writing and STEM classes, but in all my liberal arts classes I've gotten either a 100% (and even then usually some non-deducted small critiques or suggestions) or detailed notes on why points were deducted. And lo and behold, in all of those liberal arts classes my grades on my final essays were always higher than on my first ones.

This is absolutely the wrong way of approaching classes. we read and agree to the syllabus and the info in that document is the information that we are required to learn and what we will be tested on. To say there is some platonic ideal class which would include more information is bad pedagogy.

What I don’t get about that, aren’t professor curriculums approved by department heads? 

I have a professor for a 2000 level class now that everything is graded on a 5 point scale. Homework’s and Tests are both worth 5 points each. That means, get one question wrong and you’re already at an 80% and there’s no partial credit. I want to bring it up to someone but I feel like the engineering dept head has already said he can do that.

Yup. I used to grade large reports and I rarely gave out 100s, but I always indicated what you were being dinged for.

I’m not in it but I think it’s HIST 1764 or history of rock and roll. It’s not an in major class, it’s not important to most majors who take it, why even be like this.

Yes, but it should be because of actual flaws found in the work, not just an arbitrary “fuck you nothing is every actually right, even if it is”

> The philosophy of "no perfect submission"

basically just means the professor couldn't be bothered to specify what they wanted clearly enough. Sounds like they could use a 5% salary reduction for not doing their job perfectly.

Generally when teaching established courses the grading policy is left up to the instructor. I've been able to shift my grading policy with zero oversight from anyone.

ABET accreditation or other accreditation systems are looking for material covered, but the method and distribution of grading student performance of those outcomes is not specified. Desired outcomes and quality may be discussed, but there is some flex to how it goes. And this is only important during accreditation years / reviews. Unless I fail half my class or something significant, I could mostly do what I want.

Hm, it’s all making sense now

It’s mostly been in my GEOG 4XXX classes. Not sure if that counts as STEM or arts tbh

He was a bastard, all right.   


And as a lowly, non-tenured professor, it was not his decision to make.

Honestly, like, how fucking hard is it to basically say "you did everything perfectly as required, here's your 100."

It takes more effort to pull the "nO sUbMiSsIoN iS eVeR pErFeCt" and give a perfect submission 95/100 and even more effort to try and get away with it without reprisal from literally anyone ever.

Honestly, fuck this professor's bullshit. They can teach well for all I care, but 95/100 is fucking bullshit. A 95 is cool, but an arbitrary 5 off because of some bullshit reason (instead of something that actually matters, like grammar or a wrong answer) is straight up unethical.

Doesn’t ABET frown when an important class passes ~100% of their class with a high (B+ - A) average?

Thanks for the reply. I had no idea professors had that much "wiggle room". I gotta send an email to a dept head now :|

Mccomas at 5:00PM be like,

Turner @1

9am McComas gang rise up

Now imagine how bad it will be when War closes

This photo is only showing the people waiting for a bench.

Basically all the McBryde classrooms

Apartment gym liiife.

speaking of Mccomas, does anyone know if they have boxing equipment? Like a heavy bag  or a speed bag

Better between classes late morning through early afternoon. Most gyms anywhere are busy 4-7pm. They could expand the gym eventually though or build a 2nd on the other side of campus, that’d be nice

[deleted]

At least when War closes maybe some of the good basketballs they have over there will find their way to McComas. The balls at McComas currently have 0 grip and are either flat or have lumps in them

Agreed

Found at an estate sale in Arkansas. Figured y’all might like it!

Souvlaki and TOTS are the only non-campus buildings I recognize that are still there. Rip Mikes Grill burgers.

Copyright says 1985, so while I’m not sure exactly what year this was printed, it’s likely from the late 80’s.

Geography mfs crying pissing shitting throwing up trying to read this

Crying over Mikes

Hey, my mom who went here in the 70s has this exact thing hanging in her office! Really funny to see it here too.

Anyone know where I could buy something like this? Really like this art style of Blacksburg

LOL … King Video and Longhorn Steakhouse … definitely mid to late 80s

I think I found the artist. [Mike Rigsbee, Owner at Citigraph, Founded in 1985, in Raleigh ](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mike-rigsbee-22722917) Could also be a giant weird coincidence

Edit: Thoughts and prayers that the estate sale isn't at his house

RIP Upper Quad

What part of AR?

Love the moonshiners in the top right

‘91 grad here with my youngest son going there now!  Great to see what Blacksburg was like when so was there!  So many changes.  I remember The Balcony and nickel drafts on Fridays.

But did you buy it?

Grew up in Blacksburg, this took me back in time. Miss all these old places ♥️🧡 thanks for sharing.

I remember seeing this same poster at Abbys

The golf course!

Holiday Inn and the Vicker Switch restaurant are long gone, to the point that the building has been demolished. There are several variations on these posters over the years, with what businesses being featured depending on buying an ad to be listed.

Macados in up in the right corner too

Raines still exists lol but the building they were in is a law office now

Farmhouse restaurant 

Back country building still is there but closed this past summer :/

My mom went to VT and she/my dad used to go on dates to Mikes Grill when he visited.  I remember going there as a kid whenever we toured campus for my brothers / when one brother went to VT

In the late 80's and through the 90's TOTS was The Balcony. Not sure when it changed back to TOTS

It's not labeled on the map but one of the buildings on there is the National Bank of Blacksburg on Main St.

Interesting. I would imagine it probably is from 85 or at least pre-88, because I was there from 88-93 and during that 5-year span and for at least a few years thereafter, ToTS was called The Balcony. Has me thinking that maybe it was top of the stairs, then maybe changed ownership and name, and now has switched back. Who knows.  What I can tell you is that the Friday afternoon spinning of the big wheel to determine how much beers were was standing room only. Had to love 10 cent beers and Warren Miller ski videos playing on the TVs behind the bar and throughout the place. Great times.

1985 makes sense. Cochrane Hall is labeled 'Undergraduate Dorm'

It was built in 1983 and named in 1988.

That’s an amazing find. I’m very jealous. I lived right behind Bogens!

I mean, this one is absolutely for sale. The estate sale hasn’t started yet: I was in the house for another reason, just spotted this and snapped a photo.

/r/wimmelbilder

Not necessarily for sale, but that's the style.

Nope, not his house

I was in Major Bill in 1989-90

pretty awful conditions compared to contemporary dorms but still nostalgic thinking of 
the little things like movie night every Friday in the lobby lounge, pool room, dorm pranks, Shultz, etc.

This is in a house in North Little Rock. The owner also had several plaques that say “University of Georgia Glee Club”. Must have been an interesting fellow.

It is in it's old location though (same building as Kroger).

Can I interest you in a trip down [memory lane](https://imgur.com/XvWeWkm)?

Do you have a number or any contact info for the sale? I would love to buy this.

Could you also PM me the link?

thanks!

Oh thank goodness

Was in Rasche and Brodie 95-97.  I hear ya.  We made a swimming pool out of the showers one year.  Also slip and sliding down the halls.

Sounds like it.

A bit far from me in Mountain Home.

Sweet.  I probably have a few Balcony cups stored away somewhere. ... along with a few Warren Miller vids

Petition to ban petitions Stop posting them, the university isn't gonna give everyone their money back just because a few people pressed a button on change.org.

Where do I sign

Finally the petition to end all petitions

I used the petitions to destroy the petitions

[deleted]

just hit 'hide' to hide any posts you don't want to see

There’s a sponsored ad going around Facebook trying to get VT to issue refunds lol

Eh, I think they're harmless. They don't do anything, but at least people get to show their dissatisfaction.

I use the petitions to end the petitions

Ah crap, the world is ruined because I didn't sign anything :(

[deleted]

I feel like this would do better with a [change.org](https://change.org) petition.

That's a great idea! I'm so sick of people with the audacity to come together to try to stand up for themselves. Why can't we just all suffer quietly for now on? I'm tired of the effort it takes to scroll past one, maybe even two, reddit posts. 

Can I turn over my right to vote, too? Not like that really matters either.

I'm just trying to get an understanding of why you posted this. Surely you can't be so bored that you would complain about people asking for Virginia tech to offer refunds in an obviously hypocritical manner... Not sure why your sucking Virginia Tech administrations d*** but it doesnt make you a likeable person. Just get a life bro.

Gone, reduced to signatures.

You mean the same flood that happens every single year?

*they said I was a madman*

every day I wake up and kick a dozen puppies and salt my neighbor's garden. after lunch I go to Tim Sands office and discuss how to ensure world domination of VT parking. after dinner I address letters to random people that explain the process of jury nullification.

I think I have a life

Lol we’re all at home fam, that argument doesn’t hold water

It continues

This is the wholesome banter the NRV area has been missing.

I almost spit out my drink when I ran across this on that sub. It felt so strange seeing Blacksburg/Christiansburg on another sub other than this one.

Drove by this just to see it with my own eyes

Let's just tie these loose ends and sing some Wonderwall.

There you go, trying to shoehorn a music reference into this comment thread

[deleted]

It’s on r/funny

[deleted]

It was in front page too lol 82k upvotes on this particular post

I'm sure they can hear you all the way on campus every night you do it

That dude needs to fucking! chill!!

How messed up in the head are these types to think, "the best way for me to get attention and acceptance from society is to buy something that makes a lot of noise. No one can ignore me then". 

Hug your sons for christ's sake!

Amen!

PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD STOP REVVING I JUST WANT TO SLEEP

This also applies to the guy who revs his crotch rocket in uptown village

Back in day, it was the guy with the tiny pecker truck at Terrace View who had to warm up his loud-ass truck every morning.  

Fuck all loud assholes!

Or the dude on North Main

Sounds like you’re asking for more revving at 1am by posting it here. Lol 

I’m not the one you’re after. I’m just pointing out that they’ll find this funny.

I heard it in pritchard

Damn this brings back the memories. I graduated last year and haven't lived in Foxridge since 2018 but trust me you'll miss that place🤣

I mean, at least have it sound nice /s

Anyone else remember the people who used to launch fireworks in foxridge in the middle of the night a few times a week?

Loud pipes save lives, but not at 1am while you’re sitting in a parking lot lol

VT v Clemson F**k You A*****e

Thanks Jeff!

What’s the chances that was Blackshear’s mom?

Brilliant

I heard that watching but I assumed that happened a lot. I was wrong 😂

What a hero

I missed it. Did the ref make a call that favored Clemson?

Ball was caught on a hail mary that was .5 yard away from a td to tie at halftime. It was the right call. Unsure if the woman is yelling at refs or Fuente since he did just waste 50 seconds while holding all 3 timeouts.

Yes, but sadly it looked like the right call.

What’s worse is Fuente said in the post game he’d do it again. It’s not like he sees his mistakes he just plain believes in strategies that suck.

I feel like I'm forgetting something...

I left a cactus for about a month once, it still grew while I was gone so ig its fine

Nothing really happens after thanksgiving usually, just finishing classes and studying a lot

I love it when tech students go back home bruh Blacksburg is nice as hell

Yo if any students are actually staying in town after thanksgiving (like me) hmu cuz I’ll be bored to fucking tears

If you need a sitter, I may have a spare shelf and supplemental lighting... Just maybe!

Yeah I need some plants for my apartment. What are some good ones to start with?

Leave them with me!

You good bro?

Not to shamelessly plug (even though that's exactly what I'm going to do) but there's a nursery down 460 in Pembroke that has a couple big greenhouses that are filled to the brim with indoor plants, so if you need some that'd be the place to go.

EDIT: it's called Green Market Farms by the way

Some easy houseplants to care for are peace lilies, spider plants and snake plants. Succulents and cacti are easy if you have a really bright window and basically just never water them. Most succulents I see people kill die due to overwatering so just a heads up if you pick those :)

Can agree with the previous folk's suggestions, but would like to add on english ivy, pepperomia, pothos, and pilea! Be sure to research if plants are pet friendly if you have a cat or a dog.

I am literally just vibing (bored)

It be that way

Evolution

Why not "cavaliers"?

[deleted]

Honestly disappointed last face isn’t Alex Ovechkin.

Now that's some Good(tm) Hokie Content

All hokies are specially designed over centuries of evolution to eat the chicken parm from Owen's dining hall.

Dude really loves him some chicken parm from Mamma Lucia's

*Gobble gobble, bitch*

7.5 years at tech and I never had it, or knew it was special. Those cheeseteaks though...

Evolved =/= designed

To the girl who pulled me out of the crowd at the game Thank you. I was literally hyperventilating and having extreme vertigo because I (20f) lost my friends in the crowd and was being trampled by grown men who were forcing through that massive crowd heading into the North stands. A kind, selfless girl pulled me out (separating herself from her own group), shielded me with her body, and started screaming to create room for me. I have been told that this was a panic attack, which so … scary because I’ve never had anxiety before? Fuck VT athletics for not fixing this after UNC. And if you’re one of the 20,000+ people on this subreddit, thank you so much girl. I hope that good karma comes back around to you.

I had the same experience. I was trying to get out of the crowd and kept getting pushed it and got separated. A girl helped me push me through to get out. Big thanks to her too

The same thing happened to me, I was having a panic attack trying to get out of the crowd and no one was moving out of the way for me. A Notre dame mom saw and grabbed me and started yelling at people to move so I could get out. I’m so thankful for her

Email Whit Babcock about the troubles you experienced. He needs to create a better and safer environment on game day.

I got stuck in a dangerous logjam at Lane about 16ish years ago. It's sad to see they haven't put in place proper crowd control procedures since then. Sorry you went through that.

And a big thank you to the one ticket person who was going above and beyond finding people that were throwing bottles from the top of east.  I didn’t see police or anyone else trying to find and remove these people besides him.

I'm so sorry to hear about your awful experience. Please sign and share the petition for changing the student lane stadium entrance process at [https://www.change.org/vtstudentsafety](https://www.change.org/vtstudentsafety)

I also got caught up in the crowd and even pushed down the bleacher stairs by a large man. As a smaller guy myself, I couldn’t be more grateful to the people who tried to help those who were getting crushed and trampled. I had both a woman and a man attempt to help me, and saw countless others trying to help also. That game should have never ended up like that.

Agree VT athletics need to improve, but if you struggle with anxiety/panic attacks, why did you go to an event that has 66k attendees packed into such a small place?

it ain't vt athletics fault you had a panic attack

After experiencing the shit show that is the student entrance I haven't even considered going to another game. It's absurd.

That’s great to hear and i’m sorry that happened. People like this make me remember why I still love going here

I’m so sorry, I hope you’re okay now. Thank God for moms and their overprotectiveness. Even as an adult, i’m fully aware that we all need it sometimes lol

Is it possible that this mess is part of a ploy by the athletics department to get university permission for tearing down more of Stadium Woods (has loose protections as a nature preserve)?

“People are getting hurt, we need a larger student entrance/concourse near the practice field, we have no choice but to cut down these trees, sorry not sorry.”

Something like that. Difficult to think of any reason no one at VT has addressed this ongoing issue unless the issue is deliberate.

Thank you for the suggestion, I just did. l’ll probably post an update if/when he responds!

signed

Try reading before you comment. I clearly said that i’ve never had/experienced anxiety before, which is what made it so traumatic.

There’s a huge difference between a large group of people vs being so tightly packed that you can’t breath and everyone shoving and screaming. I’ve been to plenty of vt games before and this was vastly different. OP was clear they had no history of panic attacks beforehand

I experienced this a couple years ago. The police and entry security have no concern with what is going on once they let people in. It was top-10 most traumatic experience of my life. VT Athletics is 100% to blame for not monitoring crowd traffic at VT Athletic events.

[deleted]

Of course this is coming from someone who could have chosen any user name and picked u/King_covid

People don’t like to hear the truth when they are in a safe space man. Look, my comment is gonna get downvoted too because people seem to think personal issues translate to public issues. HOWEVER; this does not translate to mob like mosh pits where the crowd is inexplicably tight and dangerous. Such as the mosh pit at the bob concert that sent that girl to the ER with a blood soaked stretcher. 

Panic attack 
Sudden episode of intense fear or anxiety and physical symptoms, based on a perceived threat rather than imminent danger

This isn’t necessarily something you can control and is sporadic. As far as panic attacks go it’s not correct to blame the personal issue on VT, but as far as crowd safety and seat management goes it is up to VT security to ensure a calm exit of the people there. I’m 6’1 but I’ve been at concerts when I was 5’2 in high school. Do you know how shitty it is lol, you can barely see a thing. Beside the point tho, at that small of a height it’s easy to become engulfed in a crowd and trampled, leading to setup injury.

Gotcha - I wasn't at the game this weekend, but I know how hectic it can be entering/exiting the stadium. Sometimes it's like a river of people carrying you. Sounds like it was much worse than normal this weekend.

About 5k other people went through that same place just fine.

Yea, the fuckers that we’re pushing through made it just fine. God you’re dense.

That's not how panic attacks work mate

Translation: I don’t know a single thing about panic attacks but I going to pretend I do so I can feel good about myself.

 Stop devaluing our degrees.

So I'm diabetic and my blood sugar was low after the halftime because I couldn't get through the the long ass line to get to the concession stand and you're telling me that's VT's fault also?

You’re comparing apples to oranges, but it actually is also Athletics fault in this case.

He's diabetic so either an apple or an orange probably would have helped his blood sugar.

[removed]

Obviously you *can* compare them, but the whole point of the idiom is that it's a false analogy. I could compare you to the helpful bots, but that too would be comparing apples-to-oranges. 
 
 --- 
 
 ^^SpunkyDred ^^and ^^I ^^are ^^both ^^bots. ^^I ^^am ^^trying ^^to ^^get ^^them ^^banned ^^by ^^pointing ^^out ^^their ^^antagonizing ^^behavior ^^and ^^poor ^^bottiquette. ^^My ^^apparent ^^agreement ^^or ^^disagreement ^^with ^^you ^^isn't ^^personal.

Police investigating reports of cognitive impairment substance being added to drinks at Blacksburg taco bar

hey. my friend and I believed we were drugged there a few weeks ago (I am not claiming that we were). 

We weren’t able to move on our own or talk (found in the floor in the bathroom) and Centro workers took the two of us down the side stairs (essentially carried me is what I was told) and we were left on Jackson st. I have no memories from midnight until 8am the next morning. 

We had to go to Christiansburg to see a forensic nurse to discuss PERC kits and tox screens since so much of that night was a blank and we were extremely scared at the “what-ifs.” Urine samples wouldn’t have been sent to the state lab for a tox screen unless we filed a police report, so we did. There was no guarantee they’d even send our samples to the lab to get tested. 

The officer said that they had “a lot” of reports against Centro, and he’s heard of six. Six reports was “a lot” to them and nothing’s been done. He shrugged his shoulders at a lot of my questions about how it would go, if someone would take on the case, and what to do next. 

The detective on our case is now focused on the recent homicide so even less will be done for us. We also have to wait anywhere from 3 to 8 months to hear the results of the tox, assuming anything was even in our system by the time we got to the hospital. 

Biggest reason we thought we were drugged: a large male friend had 3 sips of my friends drink and threw up exceedingly that night (out of the ordinary for him). 

Yesterday I found out where Jerry smith lived. He lived right above where my friend’s purse was found (farmer’s market) and near where we were picked up by an Uber. I’m not claiming anything happened by any means, but that sent us reeling and panicked all over again. 

I’ve struggled with blaming myself for that night for weeks. I had heard the stories and still went. Hey, maybe we weren’t drugged. Maybe just over served. Maybe we just can’t handle our alcohol. I don’t know. But I do know that it was traumatic and I’m trying to recover. 

I’d like to repeat that I’m not claiming that anything was maliciously done to us and I am by no means claiming that Jerry smith had anything to do with our story, but I’d regret it if I never said anything publicly.

So they are opening the investigation now? Please correct me if I’m wrong. Something isn’t right. I want to believe that it’s to figure out if Isi acted in self-defense but it could just be the police trying to save their asses. With so many people accusing Smith it’s hard believe he wasn’t a predator. It at-least warranted an investigational at the time.

To clarify, are people saying that Jerry Smith was allegedly:

1. Gay and catfishing young men
2. Straight and drugging young women
3. Bisexual and doing both?

I hope they get to the bottom of this. No evidence so far but I don’t think there’d be so many victim reports unless something was up. I hope they find out more

Both the Jerry Smith and both Angie Renee profiles just disappeared off of Facebook at the same time.  If there was any doubt left about that piece...

Jerry was known as an extremely sus, compulsive liar for us townies/downtown employees. The rumors months ago about the Centro manager attempting to drug women was most likely Jerry in hindsight, as he would say that he owned the place because his parents own the majority of that building.

PSA for everyone (applies to men too, but especially women):

Watch your drinks! Don't leave a drink unattended and continue drinking it. Give it to a trusted friend to hold if you need to go to the bathroom. Go out with a group of people that you can trust, or if you're meeting with someone new, let a friend know where you are and who you're with. Trust your gut while downtown. If someone is acting sketchy around you, do what you can to ensure your safety. That might look like walking away from them, alerting the staff about that person, or recruiting help from your friends or people around you. If the situation calls for it, don't be afraid to call 911 either. 

I used to work downtown (not at centro) and we took the safety of our customers very seriously. Both the bouncers and bar staff were constantly on the lookout for trouble and we wouldn't hesitate to help out someone who came to us. I would give people a fresh drink if they said that someone messed with theirs (I would also get them to point out who it was so we could check the cameras and keep a very close eye on them). We would also help you find your friends, call a ride, or get you medical attention if you needed it. 

I also frequented most of the bars downtown. There were quite a few instances where I was out with someone I was dating or female friends and they were groped or harassed (usually when I was in the bathroom or something). There was one time where I (am pretty sure) I ended up getting drugged because I drank my girlfriend's drink. I also have been recruited by random women that I didn't know to get them away from people acting like creeps (by playing the part of their boyfriend/brother/whatever). 

My point is that I always thought of Blacksburg as this safe place because of it's size and usually bad stuff like this doesn't happen or you don't hear about it. But bad things can and do happen. You should take steps to ensure your own safety, but also keep an eye out for others. Virginia Tech and Blacksburg as a whole is great, and what makes it great are the people. Look out for each other and don't be afraid to step in if it looks like someone is in a bad situation or they need help. Don't be a passive bystander.

[deleted]

Kind of a continuation on a [thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/VirginiaTech/comments/nqtgfd/virginia_tech_student_and_athlete_arrested_for/h0de06w/) from last night's article.

I for sure matched with "Angie" and she invited me over. Being the bored college kid I was I obliged. Sure enough, the voice as from this [video](https://www.wdbj7.com/2021/03/18/bars-and-restaurants-open-for-the-first-time-for-a-pandemic-st-patricks-day/) at like 1:08 matches the voice I heard in that apartment

https://twitter.com/clairehiero/status/1400302642551824387?s=20

Yeah it only took dozens of reports for these fucks to begin an investigation.

Well, this seems like a little hindsighted !

This was where Champs was right? New ownership?

At first I thought this was an Onion article referring to alcohol.

This place should be shut down- it’s been numerous reviews and reports to the police..
The police have done nothing..

I know Blacksburg is a college town, so drunk people are a given -  but it seems wildly irresponsible for the Centro workers to take two passed out women in their bathroom and just dump them on the street. I feel like somebody should've called an ambulance or the police or at least tried to notify someone on your phones to pick you up. None of what happened to you that night or the lack of response afterwards is your fault. People have let you down all along the way and I'm so sorry.

Thank you for sharing. You aren't alone. I hope you don't blame yourself and the guilt resides. Even if drugging wasn't involved, or even if you had too much to drink, you still don't deserve this trauma. I hope the answers you deserve come quickly.

I'm proud of you for speaking up. It shows a lot of strength. Perhaps the scariest part of all of this is no one really knows just how many people have been drugged at centros. It seems like this has been going on for atleast 3-4 months or maybe even longer before covid. I don't understand why nothing was ever done either by police or whoever the actual resturant owner is. I'm so sorry for what you've gone through and you're not alone. I hope for you and the sake of everyone else whos suffered at the hands of the accused that you get the justice you deserve. It's also super messed up that employees just ditched you on the street.

I am sorry that happened to you. Given the number of reports the police got, there is definitely something suspicious here. And please do not blame yourself, it is never your fault.

Alumnus following the story and so sad by it all.  So sorry to hear about what you experienced, and just wanted to say from personal experience - this is definitely a situation that can leave you with PTSD effects so I hope you have found someone to talk to about it and help process.  Take care of yourselves.

I am so sorry that happened to you! You are not to blame. I was drugged at a bar when I was in college. I know that fear of waking up and only remembering snap shots of what happened, but mostly the blankness of not remembering. I was blessed to have two friends with me that night who knew I was not in my right mind and took me home. My roommate was not nice about it even though she knew I was drugged. I remember snap shots of taking like 3 showers, laying on the bathroom floor, laying in the hallway of the dorm. It is traumatic! I don’t think Mr. Smith worked there during that time so I think Centero has a problem with someone there doing this. I never filed a police report and have regretted it. But please don’t blame yourself, you were a victim of a very traumatic experience and someone who is doing horrible things. I would recommend therapy for it, it has been 19 years for me and it still haunts me.

Sorry this happened. Your story may be  very useful to the detective in establishing the victim was a predator.

I am so sorry to hear about this. This is tragic and no one should be treated in that manner. I’m glad you’re speaking up.

So my suspicion here is that maybe the druggings were done to create an opportunity to rob people. Were you and your friend missing anything after you were escorted out?

Very sorry that happened to you. But I don't get the Jerry Smith thing. He lured in young men, why would he drug women? He's clearly a gay man after straight young men. Not women. What would he gain by drugging young women?

WDBJ7 said 

> Police say **over the last several months**, they have received complaints and social media reports from people believing “a substance used to cause cognitive impairment had been added to their drinks” at the restaurant.

>Police, working with the Alcoholic Beverage Control Authority and the Virginia Department of Forensic Science, say **they have so far found no evidence to support the claims**, but the investigation is ongoing, and the restaurant is “fully cooperating with investigators, allowing full access to their facility, including the high quality surveillance system.”

They've been investigating for months and have so far found no evidence.
This could mean many things: 1) by the time the individuals reported the crime, the substance had already cleared their system, 2) the description of events that have spread across social media do not match what has been reported by the victims, or it could be something else.

Maybe we should wait for more information to come out before jumping to any conclusions.

They've probably been flooded with tips over the last 24 hours. Regardless, this should have been done sooner (or perhaps more thoroughly if they investigated before)

I read that Smith was the Project Manager at the taco bar

https://roanoke.com/news/local/crime-and-courts/link-between-virginia-tech-football-player-suspect-and-restaurant-worker-homicide-victim-murky-in-blacksburg/article\_c0939e4a-c47a-11eb-9b85-2bc0a572ce2b.html

4. A predator and doing both

Jerry has a record of credit card fraud. Maybe he was drugging women to steal from them?

Yea I don't understand this. Hes clearly a gay man who lures young straight men..why would he drug young women? Doesn't make sense....have any men been drugged there? If so, maybe Jerry and another employee are working in tandem, 🤔

Exactly. Especially since the rumors on this thread aren't really adding up. One says Smith was gay and catfishing dudes; another says he was drugging women. One says people were vomiting because of Visine in their drinks; others say there was cognitive impairment. Smith may have been drugging people, but someone else may have been drugging people. Best thing to do is wait for the investigation to unfold. If someone has any info, let Blacksburg PD know (at least send them an email).

do they, though?  his dad has been dead since 1985 and his mom since 2014... he told me (and multiple others) his mom had a very high up position with carilion clinic, which is a lie seeing she has been dead for 7 years.  he’s a compulsive liar, it seems.

Your evidence is probably ruining his defense ..he admitted to going on a date with her before and didn’t notice she was a he ..beautiful women do not advertise free BJ ‘s while covering their face and use a glory hole ..he returned on a second date to kill him out of embarrassment..his defense says he was tricked on tinder showing up for a second date and then noticed he was a  guy ..since he wasn’t old enough to go to the bar ..none of the drugging evidence could even be showed in court ..maybe college students should take girls out to dinner for dates instead of sticking their penises on unmarked holes ..from solicited tinder matches

So you didnt see him you just heard him?

So a little advice ..beautiful women do not invite you to their house for a free BJ ..while wearing a hoodie to use a glory hole ..maybe college students should know this is not a “date” and if they are fussy ..ask to check for an Adam’s apple ..women don’t have them ..his was huge

Do you have any pictures that were used in the fake tinder account? People are trying to claim Jerry was a trans woman but I’ve heard from multiple people that the pictures he was using were of other people, not him.

This is a comment on the Angie Renee Facebook page from a year ago that claims that the person [Angie Renee Facebook comment](https://m.facebook.com/100038493306157/posts/picfp.100038493306157/?photo_id=170080147618428&mds=%2Fphotos%2Fviewer%2F%3Fphotoset_token%3Dpicfp.100038493306157%26photo%3D170080147618428%26profileid%3D100038493306157%26source%3D69%26refid%3D17%26cached_data%3Dfalse%26ftid&mdp=1&mdf=1)is a pedo

Yes the very reputable source that is "a Reddit thread". If people have information about this, report it to the police department. Yapping about it on Twitter or whatever does nothing.

They may have been investigating before the media said anything. The police department doesn't usually share everything they are investigating.

WDBJ7 reported they’ve been investigating it for months.

Maybe use a touch of common sense and not assume that the investigation just started.

no, big al’s.

Sorry for the downvotes, I think it’s just timing. This comment was funny lol

FWIW Centros only opened 2 weeks before COVID

A detective for the defense. Maybe I’m cynical but I doubt the prosecutor’s office would put much effort into this.

I saw that and thought at first they had been investigating for the last several months. I could be splitting hairs here but it simply says they have been receiving complaints and reports over the past several months not necessarily investigating. I’m assuming there’s a difference between receiving reports and actively collecting and going through evidence. If they have investigated in the past and found nothing why is it ongoing if there’s no evidence after months?

Wouldn't the most important evidence come from local hospitals?

to me it sounds like nobody working there was drugging people and it was someone who attended, it’s far too easy for the bartenders to get caught—and not go be giving guys a bad rap—but majority of their bartenders are female so it’s seemingly unlikely they’d be the ones drugging girls.

[deleted]

rip game day

I love this.

This is the best thing I have ever seen. Can someone link me to the original?

You know you’re a Hokie fan when you take what you can get from Game Day and not get too riled about it. 

I look forward to the day where I can get indignant like teams like Alabama or OSU when Game Day doesn’t give us proper credit.

My life is now complete thank you so much

Well... you can’t lose if you don’t play a game. I can’t complain. Undefeated season baby!

This submission has been randomly featured in /r/serendipity, a bot-driven subreddit discovery engine. More here: /r/Serendipity/comments/9g7rxp/rip_game_day_xpost_from_rvirginiatech/

I'm here from /r/serendipity can somebody explain this?

H4des youre a fucken legend

I’m confused. Is this a new song

i made this

Edit: I didn't actually draw those cute birds. Here's a template: https://imgur.com/gallery/Br7MPed

The original comic is by an artist called False Knees. They do lots of wildlife related comics [annoyed bird comic](http://falseknees.com/158.html)

But not playing a game means we might slide down in ranking some... I'd much rather have a football game today. And we'd also very likely keep our undefeated season against ECU.

This is a subreddit for the university Virginia Tech located in Virginia, United States.

The small bird is doing our standard, textbook cheer they teach everyone at freshman orientation. The crow is singing Enter Sandman by Metallica which is played during football games and is wildly more popular.

To add to what pantryraider said, we were scheduled to have a football game yesterday, but it was canceled due to Florence, hence the title.

You made this?

I made this.

Ugh I love it thank you

Very true, you speak the truth.

TBH, I thought we were kinda rated high anyways.  If we drop a spot or two because Syracuse beat FSU harder then oh well, we can make it up later.

Ho House watercolor

Kinda looks like Steven White (the guy who does the daily doodle) did this.

Good job, regardless!

Do you sell prints/can I buy this off you?

Do we not call it HoHo’s anymore?

He’s an inspiration for a good amount of these and I would really wish to talk to him eventually

I’m still figuring out prints, but I’ll let everyone know once I figure them out

He is a super guy and I wholeheartedly recommend that if you see in the daily news that he's doodling somewhere, go talk to him. Awesome guy, super sarcastic at times but so awesome.

He’s a super cool guy. I think he would make time to meet you. I presented an exhibition of some of his portrait paintings a few years ago.

Ok. Well keep us posted. I need this for my new house!

I also would buy prints!!

Can we vote as a community to revoke his hat wearing privileges?

This is just a reminder that when you are wearing a tech shirt or a hat you are representative of the hokie community, so please don't act like this jackass!

Alright, which one of you did this??

Over the knee cargo shorts plus not wearing a mask. What are you doing man

Aww snap, Privileged Pete on the loose! "Yeah he works here idiot." Slayed

Wow. Yes. And his going out in public privileges, too.

Man, this is almost as bad as knowing Steve Bannon is a VT grad. At least Bannon has the common decency not to wear logo gear when he's in the news.

This is the guy they coined “douchenozzle” for right?

[deleted]

[removed]

[removed]

Hear hear!!

i hate if that represents us

[removed]

[deleted]

I was gonna say, idk what’s worse the shorts or the lack of mask

[removed]

People are entitled to their opinions.  However those using vulgar language towards one another and threatening doxxing should be banned, not just those you disagree with.

Mods! Mods! Ban them!!! Their dissent is hurting my feelings and triggering me!  Good luck in life, Captain

snowflake cons whats new

I think you’re confused by who the sheep are.  Also..... we know you wear 🩳

looking at this comment i am so glad my parents raised me with good moral standards and believing in science.

So, do you fly out of Chicago often?

[deleted]

Please don’t talk about doxxing on this subreddit.

[deleted]

sweat shorts

Not to get off topic, but at least this guy isn't wearing shorts and socks pulled up his shins. I hate how that's fashionable now.  I wish someone would explain it to me. . .

guys I think I found him

[deleted]

[deleted]

Bad take kid

Okay boomer

[removed]

Lol check the post history of the cringelord that you’re speaking to. 
“You have the sexiest bottom, miss. 😉” 
Also don’t miss out on where he claims to be black while claiming that killing Breonna Taylor was justified. Some people will choose to keep their eyes closed no matter what the world presents them

[deleted]

Hey don't judge us by our worst member

[deleted]

You don’t need 100 pockets

Even more off topic... I recently remarked to my wife that if I ever show up like that (shorts and socks pulled up to shins/knees) it's time to send me away...

I do that, but not for fashion.  I have an issue with my leg requiring knee high compression socks.  I try to pick cute socks with the right compression level so it probably looks like I'm making a fashion statement.  I'm not, I'm just trying to make the annoying issue a little less annoying with color.

[removed]

You fool, obviously he means the lizard folk

Great diggin' Doc!

[removed]

So you do wear 🩳
uncovering the real story here..  😉👍👌

Just wow! 🙏

The rest of that stuff sounds hella weird...But is there any legit pro-mask evidence? I still have not seen any myself. Like I wear one, but basically just when required.

"Conclusive evidence" in science usually takes a long time. Why not go with the best available option to protect everyone? Participating in society and your community, like wearing a mask, is voluntary. Unfortunately, it is a necessary and sufficient condition this year for participation.

Damn imagine being an ME major and being this stupid. Every engineering class I’ve had has emphasized ethics again and again. Does wearing a mask hurt you that much? Holy crap.

[deleted]

How beautiful is Lane? (Courtesy @vtgroundscrew)

Blast the saturation more

filter making me feel like im on 2014 instagram

[Here's a realistic version](https://i.imgur.com/w2kiJyh.jpg)

This is so edited it doesn’t even look real.

Needs more cowbell

I can see my house

Not very beautiful when people leave there trash everywhere. Seriously please pick up your damn trash.

I prefer the non-blasted one. Good image regardless. Thanks for sharing.

Classic Duomobile

half the memes on this subreddit are just Chicken parm teens facebook page reposts

PSA: I would advise having a separate google account/email that you use for all things outside of school, if you don't already. And have a secondary device set up for 2FA as a back up. Especially if you have an android phone. My VT email was my first google account, and like an idiot I set it up as the account on my phone. My phone was factory reset and it required 2FA to log back in to the phone at the start up... and my phone was my only 2FA device. Had to call my gf through fb messenger on my tablet, who used her mom's phone to call VT4HELP so I could get a guy to push the 2FA through and I could have a working phone again.

[I spent way too long on this](https://imgur.com/a/OuABDKv)

Check the 7 days box my guy.

And half the memes on the Facebook page are reposts from this sub

Yeah this is smart to do. Personally I had 3 emails in school. 


School

Personal(for serious inquiries and services)

And behind that I have secondary personal(for entertainment services and subscriptions)

That way my email even without school is always a mullet, business in the front, party in the back.

Virginia Tech and James Franklin are finalizing an agreement for him to become the school’s next coach. Franklin has won 128 games over 15 seasons as the head coach at Vanderbilt and Penn State. He led Penn State to the CFP semi-finals last year.

Ngl, I can’t believe we did it. Biggest hire for VT since Buzz Williams and this usurps it by magnitudes.

Dream fit for us. He’s always recruited the DMV well. He might suck in big games but at least we’ll (hopefully) have big games to care about!

His name brand itself is crazy for the school. Let’s hope something can be built from this

Fuck yes!!!! Best possible hire for us in this cycle! Didn’t know if it would get done or not

This means that everybody that's posted anything recently about a James Franklin sighting has been absolutely 100% correct!! Sorry for ever doubting you!!

Easily the biggest hire for VT since…well ever.

Almost unimaginable if you had told me this would happen after the playoffs last season.

Better hire than I could've even asked for when Pry was fired. Let's go man we're back

Speaking of Pry shoutout to him for not tanking this when he absolutely could've if he wanted to lol

I think there are a lot of valid criticisms for Franklin's performance at Penn State where the talent never seemed to live up to expectations.

But if Franklin can recruit to Tech and win on the field at anywhere close to what he did at PSU, it will be a massive turnaround for the program. 

Getting back to a regular 9 or 10 win team and competing for ACC title games plus great bowl games is a reasonable expectation given the pedigree of the coach and resources the school is pouring into the program.

LET'S GO

Holy shit we actually did it. Thank you Brent Pry for making this happen 🫡

FINALLY Va Tech making big boy football moves.

I'm so happy. The last time I felt this good about VT football was Tyrod in 2010.

Save us James Franklin!

James Franklin has basically been the dream made-in-a-lab-for-VT football hire for years now.

The Brent Pry hire was effectively always just an experiment to see if we could duplicate James Franklin on the cheap with one of his disciples.

Now we have the real thing.  Completely unbelievable this actually happened. The biggest most serious move VT Athletics has made in a decade, maybe ever.  Finally serious about being relevant in the sport.  This doesn’t happen if they don’t give him assurances about how seriously they plan to invest in and operate this thing.  The days of settling for being completely mediocre are over.

Time to do our part. Open up those wallets a little to the Hokie Club. Every little bit helps.

I’m sleeping good tonight

Let’s go!!!!  Fired up!

FINALLY

PSU dad here… not a cult member like most of them but have watched a lot of their games since my son enrolled there in 2016…

I agree that this is a good hire, as long as VT knows what it is and what it is not:

The GOOD:

- You are getting a good man who will keep VT out of scandal and represent the school with pride.  His family is very refined and honorable.

- He will have the culture very involved in Blacksburg and the school.  I met him my son’s move in day when he was directing his 900lb lineman to carry all the freshman students boxes from their parents cars (like mine) to their dorm rooms.  He will be out there and not hiding in his office

- There will be zero tolerance for bad behavior/misconduct of his players.  If you look at the guys who came through there - Saquon, Micah, etc - they are all good PEOPLE and not thugs.  All of them!

- He respects tradition.  He will treat the annual game against UVA like it is the Super Bowl.

- You will have AMAZING talent come in… have you seen some of the talent PSU put into the pros?  They went years without top draft picks and now put 2-3 in the first round every single year.

- He will eventually have Tech playing 3 cream puffs every year to start the season… I mean like VMI creme puffs.  You will always be 3-0

- He will have VT in the top 20 next year and the top 10 the year after.  Guaranteed.

NOW, the BAD

- He will destroy your quarterback play.  You will soon have 4 or 5 star guys come in who will WOW you freshman year but by their end will be puddles of themselves.   See Hackenburg, Clifford, and this year Drew Allar.  The only ones who progress are the ones who leave, like the kid this year at Missouri or that guy who went to UK and then the Titans.

- He coaches NOT TO lose and not TO WIN.  Go back and watch the UK Citrus Bowl to see what I am talking about

- You will never ever win in the CFP, even though I think he might get you there.

- You will go 2-20 against top 10 teams.

Ultimately that’s what matters at PSU.  I hope they don’t regress with him gone.

Good luck!

Can he take over the team this season?

I can’t believe it. It makes a ton of sense, but I’m shocked it seems like it’s happening. Immediate injection of hope for the future

hell yea

James Franklin to Virginia Tech? The Hokies are gonna get spicy

The more I think about it, not winning the big games just means haven't won a Natty. I just want to be in the discussion again. Might even re-up with the Hokie Club.

I get that on the surface it sounds like a good hire.  I hope I’m wrong, but history shows that when a power 5 HC is fired, they’re not going to do anything as a college HC again.  Hope this is the outlier and VT does well, but when you look at the numbers, it’s probably going to fail in 2-3 years.  I’d much rather have us give a shot to a young coach with something to prove.  Recruiting was a big deal pre NIL era but coaches have proven you don’t need the name recognition like you did even 5 years ago to recruit talent.  You just have to pay them.  Going after another 50+ year old ex Penn State coach isn’t exciting to me.  With all of the openings right now, the fact that an SEC team wasn’t going after him is another red flag.  We hired an expensive HC no one else really wanted.

Massive hire for tech especially considering the positions open right now

Doesn't matter who is coach unless they have the financial resources to compete.  Unless that $200 million actual comes to fruition not much else will matter.

[deleted]

I hate this hire.  We’re going to commit a bunch of money to a guy who made a career beating mediocre big 10 teams. He’ll be bought out in 2-3 years.  The only people who should be excited about this hire are the PSU booster.  No creativity hiring a recently fired coach.  It’s rare that any college coach who’s fired from a major program does anything as a head coach again and it’s almost unheard of for a fired coach to go back into a power 5 conference as a head coach immediately.  I can’t see how this works.  History shows it almost never does, especially for a coach who’s been bought out.  I’d much rather take a chance on a young offensive minded guy who has something to prove.

What’s Franklin’s motivation?  Is VT really going to commit more than $50 to him?  That’s insane.   Look at other coaches who’ve been bought out and what they did after the buyout.  Most of those guys take time off or become consultants to fulfill their buyout terms.  We’re talking about one of the most demanding jobs in the country from a time perspective.  This whole thing stinks to me.  I hope I’m wrong but history isn’t on our side.  With the amount of money we’re going to commit to the program we can buy talent.  Kids want to play for a dynamic coach who’s plays runs a good offense.  Sorry guys, this ain’t it.

Cool, now maybe we can get back to winning 8 +/- games a year and still not be competitive with the big dogs.

biggest moment in VT athletics since Michael Vick

[deleted]

I miss failing in big games.

I’d be satisfied with going back to only losing the big games instead of losing to every high school football team in the DMV

We built a statue out in front of our football stadium memorializing a coach that couldn’t win big games - Franklin is perfect for us!

It's not like we ever really won the big games anyway. Natty, countless NYE bowls...

That doesn't matter anymore. 5 years ago it mattered how well you recruited an area. Today all it matters is how much money you can pay the players. They follow the money.

Also the financial demands he's gotten agreed to if our insiders are right are gonna be huge for the program

Full disclosure. I didn’t actually see him crush 3 four lokos behind the Christiansburg Wendy’s dumpster. I may have fibbed. My bad.

I’d say football wise this is the biggest hire. Only thing i can think of in my lifetime at least that could compare was the Buzz Williams hire for basketball. This is huge and will make us an immediate player in the ACC and college football landscape as a whole

This is definitely one of the most insane things to happen to a coach since Belichick got a 20 year old GF and the UNC job in the span of a year.

Allegedly pry has spoken very highly of VT to him ...  I think everyone knows its a case of liking the guy but needing more

I think that’s the intent as well. It’ll take a few years but I think he can get us there.

HOKIES

Thanks for that insight. Our bar is a lot lower than Penn St….we just want to get back to the top 10 again soon instead of struggling for a bowl game with 5-6 record seasons.

Beamer (as good as his record was)  was also notorious for a lot of those bad things you listed. He struggled in big game matchups, couldn’t get over the hump, couldn’t get back to the championship. Only once when I was a student we were close to it but lost to #2 Boston college/Matt Ryan…I think we were #4 or #3. Then the program started the decline after 2011-2012.  Beamer waited too long to retire. Two duds of coaching hires and here we are.

So yea we just need a rebuild before facing those bad things. Hoping Franklin learned from those bad things though and will improve them here. Never know.

If he’s smart he’ll wait. No incentive to take the team now. 

Not enough time to take over before Miami. 
If he takes over for UVA and we win, no one will care because beating UVA is the expectation. If we lose, it’ll put a bad taste in everyone’s mouth right off the jump. It’s a no win situation

Honestly I don't know if that would even be a good thing. I'd rather just wash this season, let him get his footing, and come out swinging fresh next August.

Won't matter much unless he could fire and replace the majority of the coaching staff, particularly on offense. He's better off letting them finish tanking their results and reputation and keep the stank off himself, and he focuses on building his staff for next year and recruiting.

Yes. I’ve heard he may coach as soon as the Miami game. Could just be a rumor but it’s possible

Is that supposed to be brutal truth? We built a statue for the guy who went 10-2 each season but struggled to win big games. Given the last decade of football, being in big games at all is more than we hoped for from this carousel.

As if the last 2 guys at VT, nevermind the current interim staff, were any better at clock management or playcalling. 

Weak sauce.

VT Alumni should not be forced to migrate to Microsoft for email We were promised a *google* email address for life. They've since removed any trace of this information from their website, but the Wayback Machine has proof:
https://web.archive.org/web/20180524081526/http://www.vtnews.vt.edu/notices/121015-alumni-email.html

VT made $200M in Alumni donations in 2021(https://vtx.vt.edu/articles/2021/08/univrel-fy21results.html). Administration is concerned about a $900k loss because of Google changing its pricing? That's a drop in the bucket if VT pisses off enough Alumns with this move.

What do you think Tim? Is it worth the risk?

Edit: As many have pointed out, the biggest issue here is the domain change. There's no reason to move us from @vt.edu to @alumni.vt.edu, and it creates a real issue with any and all services our email is tied to.

I can get over the swap from google to msft, but the domain change pisses me off. It means I have to swap dozens of accounts. I can’t even imagine how it will affect people who have been using that domain for 20+ years for personal & alumni activities.

I'm more upset about loosing my [vt.edu](https://vt.edu) email address, which I've had for THIRTY YEARS (1993). I have oodles of accounts tied to it, and I'm sure I'll loose access to something in the future that has that as a recovery email. I don't understand why the email addresses have to change after all of this time.

The main thing people are pissed about is pid@vt.edu -> pid@alumni.vt.edu.

There is NO reason for this change. It has nothing to do whatsoever with Google to Microsoft change. VT owns the vt.edu domain. They decide unilaterally who gets a @vt.edu email. Given they already have a migration path for students and retirees that maintains the same domain, it would be trivial for alumni to have a pid@vt.edu email hosted on microsoft

This is essentially a fuck you to the alumni base.

I use my VT email for everything, this sucks! It's a really good email address too. I was surprised to get it back in 2004. I never had a reason to use anything else because I thought I would have it for life.

I have an alt gmail account already for professional stuff, but so much linked to my [LastName@vt.edu](mailto:LastName@vt.edu) account.

Apparently one of the main motivators was that alumni were using the vt google drive to store insane amounts of data for their private businesses. So a couple greedy alumni ruined it for everyone.

If you try to fight this, and you should, I’ll be on your side!

Good luck if you decide to pursue this

[https://imgur.com/a/tEHr7jt](https://imgur.com/a/tEHr7jt)

Will mail sent to [vt.edu](https://vt.edu) addresses be forwarded to [alumni.vt.edu](https://alumni.vt.edu) addresses?

I don’t care about Gmail vs another service, but changing the domain name (and effectively breaking the old accounts) is BS

The main reason I’m still using my VT.edu email as a grad is because we were told that it would keep working

Sorry, those fundraising emails must have been delivered to my VT email and I don’t get them anymore ¯\_(ツ)_/¯

If anyone finds a good way to complain then please share it. I don't care about the Microsoft move, just want to keep the same domain

I've been using this email address for over 15 years, and I'm only finding out about this change because of this reddit thread. How many other alumni are in the dark about this?

Where is this announced?

https://it.vt.edu/projects/google-changes/alumni.html

Am I interpreting the "Changes to Storage" section correctly that we'll get 50 GB for emails but zero space for non-mail files?

Not saying you're overreacting, because things affect people in different ways and I can understand how much this is pissing you off. But, as someone old enough to have had his first name as his VT email address (meaning if my name was bob, I had [Bob@VT.edu](mailto:Bob@VT.edu)), ALWAYS have a contingency plan for email and your cell phone number. And never use your work email for anything other than work. I lost all my emails from grad school at two different schools, another university one from where I taught as an adjunct, the awesomeness that was AOL, and once I was an adult and got a job with the govt, I used that for 6 years before IT gave us a week to stop using it as a personal email, and every shady joke I sent out was a permanent federal record.

So learn from this. Make up a back-up plan and implement it. This won't be the only time you get screwed over on something by your school, your job, or your neighbors with the god damn dog that won't stop barking.

Good Luck!

Oof 
Gonna be a fun weekend of transferring data :/

Took me about 1 year to never feel the need to use my vt email again.  Just make some sort of normal professional sounding email at some other site like hotmail or something and move on with life

Certitied VT moment

wait, so my email address isnt going to work anymore?  thats about the only thing that makes my education worth it at this point lol

> We were promised a google email address for life

Nope. Mine didn’t even start out at google. That’s a semi-recent change. No reason they can’t change vendors.

Be thankful.  Those of us who graduated just before e-mail didn’t even get that.

what is everyone doing about downloading/archiving? has anyone done the research?

Are they requiring students to migrate to (at)[alumni.vt.edu](https://alumni.vt.edu), or do they get to keep their (at)[vt.edu](https://vt.edu) address for now?

And how does somebody reclaim their orphaned (at)[vt.edu](https://vt.edu) address? I got one back in the Blacksburg Electronic Village era, but haven't used it since graduation. I might have kept using it if I'd realized that I could have.

Imagine my surprise when I attempt to login to my supposed VT Alum gmail account, as per: [https://it.vt.edu/projects/license-changes/alumni.html](https://it.vt.edu/projects/license-changes/alumni.html) to be told my account was disabled.

Then connecting with 4Help, which sent me to the Registrar's office.

Where I was told, "no, not seeing you as an alum anywhere".

Then being told to email [John Leech, Deputy Registrar](https://search.vt.edu/search/person.html?person=22130668)***,*** by the ***Registrar's*** office. Using my **PERSONAL** non-VT email account, and **ASSUMING** my message, from [me@gmail.com](mailto:me@gmail.com), somehow **WON'T** be sent to his spam folder. Presumably, like many random ["@gmail.com](mailto:"@gmail.com)" messages he receives? Right.

Now walk with me...

What if, **WHAT IF**, my employer decided, *"Beginning of the year, why don't we check our people's credentials?"*. Only to connect with VT, and VT tells them, *"He never graduated from here...."*.

And **WHAT IF** they decide, *"Well obviously he lied to us about being a VT graduate..."*. OR,

**WHAT IF** I'm applying to other jobs, and they check references, and VT is a reference, and after checking with VT they say, *"Nah, we don't see anything saying he graduated from here..."*, and I'd never know or hear from the possible employer again?

Just screw me right?

So, a class action lawsuit, yeah perhaps.

>We were promised a google email address for life. 

According to the information provided in the wayback link you shared it does not specify that your Virginia Tech email address will be hosted by Google or that it will use the VT dot edu domain. It may be more appropriate to direct your frustration towards Google for their rent-seeking tactics rather than towards Virginia Tech.

There’s no guarantee on that page. It’s a statement of fact that was accurate at the time. It’s no longer accurate so they changed it. It never says it won’t ever change. If this is all you have to complain about today count yourself blessed.

Genuinely thought you were asking me for a second lol. 

But to your point I want to keep it as Gmail. Please keep it there!

Hey you can actually make a google email address for free and move on from college. Hope this helps!

I get that people are pissed about the domain name but you have to think that there's probably *hundreds of thousands* of pid's out there that have been completely orphaned and haven't been used for literally decades. While at the same time, freshmen are being assigned bullshit like <freshman's\_lastName8237354937252748@vt.edu>  
I know this isn't a popular take, so downvote away, but reality can frequently be super inconvenient

Lol

Everyone needs to calm down about this. The university put a substantial amount of thought in before making this change. It was evaluated by an impartial group with representation from students, faculty, administration, and alumni.   


An informed decision was made to what would best serve the community. It wasn't just a knee-jerk reaction to storage. If you really look at it, the storage problem could have been handled via storage policy and limits. This is a plan on a larger scale for a sustainable environment, giving the campus what it needs, not simply what it wants.   


If this had been a short-sighted change just about money, the free tier of Google is cheaper. The group chose this so they may better serve the campus, which is something all these hecklers should take note of. Ut Prosim.

Talk about 1st world problems

[deleted]

class action lawsuit here?! i just found out my photos app was disabled after only ONE email communicating about the migration, and it said photos app would go away June 2024, NOT JANUARY!

This post comes across like a whining child screaming "But you promised!". There are larger issues in life. Move on.

[deleted]

Am I reading that they will transition up to 50GB of email and email attachments to the Microsoft Outlook exchange server on our behalf?

Thank you for posting this. I've had the vt.edu email address since 2009, graduated in 2013 and have been using the email ever since. Always loved the idea that the email was for "lifetime" access, until it wasn't. It's amazing how much money you pay to a university and give your heart and soul to it and this is their way of saying thank you... What a massive inconvenience and annoyance to likely thousands of people that continued to use this email across god knows how many different sites for both account security and email/User ID's. The donations article along with the university's several other massive sources of income makes the "It's too expensive" excuse look pretty lame.

will they do the same for faculty or staff who are retired or left VT?

don't ask me how many hours I have spent so far transitioning logins and email addresses. I haven't even started on photos or google drive.

Losing the domain truly sucks. I've had my VT email for 25 years now.

I can’t recommend to people to get started on this sooner rather than later. There are some accounts I was totally unaware of. For others customer support wants emails from your vt.edu account as well as your new email account

anyone know any prominent alumni that can go to bat on our behalf? I'd almost be willing to make a small donation to keep the email that I have now. for instance $2/month just to keep the pid@vt.edu

Yeah, every so often something pops up and I have to figure my way back in to VT.edu

Maybe we could all try emailing alumni@vt.edu?

I guess the limited which majors got them? I never got one as a Chem major in the early to mid '90s.  My roommate who was in Civil Engineering got one though.

I stopped using mine after I graduated and got an army.mil email address.  I had no idea my [vt.edu](https://vt.edu) email would still work after graduation.

As someone mentioned it's about account policies in the administration, and this might have something to do with Microsoft policies or technical restrictions. But keeping the same policies shouldn't be an issue for alumnis

Again for a few bucks a month I would pay for that privilege. Guess that isn’t an option

So restrict how much data we can store. I don't need limitless storage, just the email I've tied every account to since I started school. Addressing a problem is fine, but they don't need to fly in the face of a promise they made to us years ago to do it.

Little brother got no chill

He is pain in my assholes

I am a simple man. I see Borat, I upvote.

One of the funniest movies of all time. Most of the scenes there aside from the “Kazakstan” intro and between Borat and the manager are all real. The scenes with the Congressman and the reaction to eating cheese or the not-jokes were hilarious.

Who did they get from Penn State?

We win rivalry football game, he cannot afford

VCU is Natalya, #4 prostitute in all of Virginia.
Liberty is Urkin, the town rapist.

add

[There con be only one Poindexter!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ljR3Pf_0Q20)

[deleted]

Poindexter, their new head coach in football.

Naughty naughty!

Being a former Hoo player - He will be well skilled at consoling teams after annual beat-downs from the HOKIES!  

GO HOKIES!

Talk is also that Poindexter was hired to secure some huge donations for the school.

Lmao🤣 poor UVA fans..

I thought this was you insulting whoever it was at first lmao.

Well, UVA and the media thought he was coming and now everything has done a 180
    
https://twitter.com/ESPNRittenberg/status/1468665746427318275?t=fVWz1209M4YzVCWzEoirhA&s=19

Should be good for us Poindexter would have been a great hire for them. Heck, I was hoping we would hire him on the Defensive staff and to help in recruiting.

go hokies!

twice said: cheer up hokies

[removed]

Love it

Jeongyeon

Dahyun, our meme queen!

Good Morning Blacksburg!

I grew up in Blacksburg on Broce Dr. My parents owned A-1 Copies for 35 years in the University Mall. 
I have not visited Blacksburg in about 8 years. 

I used to party at the Sturbridge apartments with tech kids when I was in high school.

It’s such a trip to see this drone shot of my old stomping grounds. 

Thanks for sharing

Headed back there literally right now cannot wait

I've been taking drone shots of that construction site every week. 

Crazy how fast it's been built up!

Old Sturbridge apts were really in disrepair, but I have a feeling these new MFD units will price out non-students per usual.

Wait. What is going in behind Kroger?!?

Also, I miss always seeing Brush Mountain on the horizon.

Ah I miss Blacksburg!

Yeahhhhhh!! Math emporium!!!!!

Um...where is Roses?

Goddamn I forgot that the horizon behind ghetto kroger was so beautiful.

Ugh this brings me back to when I lived on TC and would go get drunk sushi at ghetto Kroger 💕

Many people hate the emporium but that was one of my favorite places to study, tons of desk space to setup a laptop or two and multiple books and study materials. Open 24 hours. I lived at the village for a bit so it was just a mile or two away. Oh yea. Nice gym there which was convenient being a member of.

The only alternative was my bed or room space and tons of parties, distractions etc.

What in the fuck are they building by the ghetto Kroger??? I haven’t been able to spend much time back in the burg’ since graduation (8 years ago god)

Your dad is cool as hell.

Ha that's where my computer science books were bound and printed. I lived in c-15 I think. Nice name also, hopefully we'll see tour soon

I purchased so many koofers from A-1

Blacksburg local checking in. What year did you graduate from Blacksburg High?

Kroger really is quite the place isn't it?

Just got in last night. Good to be back.

Lived in sturbridge back in the day. Good times. I'm scared when I go back to visit I won't even recognize the town anymore. So much has changed

Oh wow is Sturbridge gone?

Sign says opening Fall ‘22, doesn’t seem like they have 18 months more work.

Edit: Great drone shot btw, hard to believe that it was so recent!

ah yes * *luxury* * apartments

“Said no one ever”

Roses closed back in the 90s.

They tore down Sturbridge apartments next to Kroger and are building new housing I’m assuming (like the rest of blacksburg)

Haha he’s a character for sure

2004

The dumpsters behind Kroghetto? *Yes*

Yes, here's a photo from just last week, shows the current state of the new construction. 

[Drone shot](https://i.imgur.com/kqE3FKU.jpg)

Thanks! 

Yeah it's crazy to see how much it's changed since January when I was brought into the project.

Only store sketchier then a current Kmart.

Yes, more luxury apartments that only students with large loan packages can afford.

It’s almost unrecognizable from when I started in 09’. Nuts.

I worked at the bookstore and at the coffee shop over a period of about 10 years. He printed a lot of stuff off for me for free (I brought the paper and what I wanted printed, expecting to pay and he wouldn't charge me). He always tipped when he got coffee. 

Your mom was pretty nice too. Your dad looks like the kind of guy who would take your head off if you looked at him wrong, but turned out to be just all around awesome.

I graduated in 2008 so I just missed you.

[removed]

Thank you for that. Sent a photo to my old roommate, those were some fun times.

Wow. Nice shot. RIP Sturbridge Square.

Is that a parking garage? I hate that they are building so many in blacksburg, between this one and the Hub's.. They are such an eye sore

Cool.  (And now I'm pulling google maps' street view, to even remember what it used to be.)

I worked at Roses when I was in high school.  We always called it the cheap kmart.  I was at a winston-salem store... They had excellent customer service.  You could return anything.

What's wrong with Kmart? I always liked Kmart as a kid, they had better toys.

Bro this is just sad I mean if you want me to teach you how to troll just ask because this farce you’re putting on rn is not it

👍

interestingly, in both cases once the garages are complete you won’t be able to view them from the street. they are both surrounded by apartments

I hope that’s the case! I’m skeptical on that with the Hub though, driving by that thing is huge and ugly. I guess parking garages are the new way to save room on parking and cram in apartment buildings? Smh

Blacksburg requires so many parking spaces per bedroom, so by going vertical with a parking garage, developers can meet the parking requirement and have more space available to put in more apartments. Maximizing density helps cover the expensive cost of the garage (more apartments at high rent = more revenue).

Big Dog on Campus

Cute pup! Take care when walking them on salted surfaces. Prolonged contact can cause chemical burns to the paws and dogs can get sick from licking the salt off as well.

I love him

No bones about it

awe. . . . .who's a good boy?

Campus always looks so beautiful after it rains!

It even made Slusher look good somehow.

Nice shot.

Campus always looks so beautiful a̶f̶t̶e̶r̶ ̶i̶t̶ ̶r̶a̶i̶n̶s̶!

This is my favorite place on campus during the fall! The leaves just coat the ground :)

Nice!

Racism towards Indians Now let me preface this by saying I am Indian - I love Virginia Tech and was and haven’t ever experienced racism openly - until recently  

I was on the bus today on the way to the game when a group of white kids were openly saying extremely racism things about Indians - I was shocked. Right in front of everybody as well while everyone agreed. Disappointed to say the least - and even felt worse for not saying anything. This doesn’t generalize everyone at Tech - but racism against Indians is getting way to normalized

I am no longer a student at VT but I would like to express my condolences that you had to overhear their racist remarks. Unfortunately racism is still very prevalent in our society but I have optimism that will change one day. Just remember that you aren't alone

I'm sorry, brother. It's a strange time but they don't speak for our university - and it's also not your responsibility to stop them, let the appropriate authorities know if they appear to pose a threat to you or others.

It’s always those annoying white frat kids

My daughter is half Indian and some dumbass in the neighborhood called her the N word. She was 7 years old. This was in mostly liberal upper middle class neighborhood. There is still racism everywhere in the US. People just been better at hiding it since it was “out of fashion.” It seems to be coming back into fashion so people no longer feel the need to hide their narrow views on what constitutes a human.

I live in Blacksburg with no affiliation with VT, if I witnessed this disgusting action, I would stand with you.

It is a mix of MAGA along with a mix of people who have resentment towards HB1 visas where engineers especially, have been coming the U.S. I’ve witnessed this numerous times here on Reddit. With the last 5 years, Indians have been in the spotlight with politics which is causing some of this.

Yeah that whole 'they smell like shit', 'weird language' and 'kindly do the needful, i.e. a very sub-standard use of English(acc to them)' is pretty common against Indians, its the same as 'Female drivers of Asian origin are known to be bad drivers and not give signals while turning lanes' ( something that even BMW drivers are made fun of ), this is casual xenophobia which takes these turns when a significant amount of Indian students and 'people' start to visit any one country, so much so that experiences with them become more normal. There's also that general shock that, 'Oh my god, you guys have Tim Hortons back home', you can't blame them, all they've seen with reference to Indians is either terror attacks, poor infrastructure, abstract poverty, Indian-Americans' accent standup pieces, and internet stories of how bad India is towards tourists, women etc.( the case with any third world country ).

Not that serious, the fact that they think its 'okay' to say these things openly, shows that they are nor somebody who thinks very deeply about various forms of their personality and also isn't somebody you should honestly care about ( I would never feel bad if somebody from rural America said something racist because other than pity, I have nothing to offer to a random stranger who feels threatened by my presence, standing up to them in forms of confrontation is the last thing you should do imho )

The recent increase with racism though, is a bit saddening but we can do nothing when the majority of Americans voted for an administration that doesn't give a flying f about immigrants, and would very happily prefer most of them gone ( according to them, immigrants are leeches who take away rightful jobs of 'natural' American citizens ), but that's what you get with years of heavy generalization ( I mean Indiana Jones had a movie about India as well, and needless to say, it was horrifyingly disgusting and borderline dehumanization )

[removed]

The current presidential administration has sadly made racism “ok” again and some assh*les can’t wait to be racist again.

I mean, DOGE hired a dude who proudly tweeted extensive hate towards minorities, including Indians. It got discovered, he resigned, and JD Vance jumped off the couch to vouch for the dude--and Elon hired him back. Shit trickles down, I'm afraid, and when you have the  top people in the administration shrugging off blatant racism, you're gonna see it crop up among young, stupid, privileged white guys who want to sound edgy and cool.

Btw may I ask what they were saying? I am from that region as well.

Written with AI. Are bots making these post, genuine question.

It’s really sad. Our world has gone to trash and it’ll only get worse with social media comments about Indians

Hehehe

I mean tots been ruined most nights by them sooo

You should hear what a certain privileged group thinks of India, cartoons even in Tel Aviv cafes.  Then we fund the extreme Hindu agenda against Muslims there.  Ethnocentrism is weird.  White, brown, all forms of it.  Racism comes from these false beliefs.  Sign of ignorance to really believe one is superior to another based on skin color/origin/ethnicity

I’m sorry that happened to you. I’ve loved India since I was 12. I have noticed the racism towards Indians (usually Hindus) ever since becoming interested in the people and culture. It has never been something that other Americans would consider a problem. I distinctly remember 9/11 happening and then, on the twelfth, it seemed like anyone in a turban was fair to be racist to. Gurudwaras were defaced, Sikhs attacked in their stores, etc. And there were NO loud groups talking about discrimination and racial profiling or hate crimes. 

The irony is that Americans seem to NOW side WITH the beardy weirdies who did 9/11 AND also hate Indians. 

Brainwashing 24/7, no breaks here in the West.

Meanwhile, Bharat has been the epicenter of knowledge AND spirituality for millennia. And continues to be amazing!
Indians never fell under this spell where everyone becomes a dumba$$ and all of a sudden can’t tell their anus from their elbow, like so many Americans these days. 

Keep being you, it’s what makes you cool. I love that India hasn’t tried to emulate the west. I love that Indians still have their own culture and ancient traditions and food and holidays. Your people still know who they are and where they come from, and they keep the stories about heroes alive. The West doesn’t have what you guys have, which is a real, and rich culture. That’s why it’s basically just: work your life away, buy crap,  isolate yourself from everyone and have no community, get sick and die over here. That isn’t anything great to aspire to. It’s a recipe for a mentally ill society that’s collapsing on itself. 

Get your degree and have a good life. And give two big middle fingers to anyone who has anything 
sh!tty to say to you.

Interesting. All the Indians I know are super accomplished and most of them are attractive too. These kids are dumb

I chalk it up to of course racism but I also think it has a lot to do with feelings of inadequacy. They see yall travel halfway around the planet to further your education and climb to a point of success that it reminds them of their laziness and lack of drive, because "you're an American no need to better yourself, you're already number 1". But that just what I think I see from these knuckle draggers.

It’s annoying and disrespectful, but it happens everywhere. When my white friends go abroad they hear lots of people making fun of the Americans in their own native language. While rude, It’s a cultural thing that has been around for centuries. You’d be surprised how many Indian international student groups here at VT hate the ‘lazy Americans’ who don’t have to work super hard in school and have the privilege to go to great universities without leaving their home country.

This school used to be a slave plantation homie. These mfs racist af. Just get your degree and let the success make em angrier, lol.

I mean this school is just a bunch of slightly low inhibition white people, what did you expect LOL? Whenever my friend brings his church group to the apartment, they look at me as I am a distant Hominid relative, the last one on the planet. There isn’t much you can really do. I sorry this was your experience, I’ve never had people really hurl insults to my face before.

no cuz ive noticed this too 
im not indian so like i obvi dont have any personal experience and i dont know what others have experienced, but i feel like i’ve seen So much racism towards indians these days its like somebody flipped a switch and openly hating indians became accepted again

I’ve even seen racism against Indians openly in Reddit comments with tons of upvotes, with people being like “iT’s nOt rAcIst iF iT’s tRuE”.

No race or ethnicity should be an “acceptable” target for genuine racist behavior.

As a Gen-X white male, I'm sorry you had to go through this. Sadly this is Trumps America now. In return for their vote he promised them it's ok to be openly racist and misogynistic and worse. I'm sure most of us have seen vocal Trump supporters on the VT campus and surrounding area. The GOP has been reaching out to young white men convincing them that people like you are taking their jobs away and threatening their white supremacy in America also while convincing them that feminism is a threat to their fragile masculinity. So if you are a woman I can imagine they only wanted to taunt you even more. You are correct, in Trumps America racism against Indians, but all non-whites, is being amplified. It's classic authoritarianism.

On god people are getting bold as fuck with their racism towards Indian people

Indians will cry about this and then openly announce they hope Pakistan gets wiped from the face of the earth. 

Just a funny observation is all.

🧢

Indians are too successful for the anti-racists to profit from them. I'm really sorry you ran into people who think race matters.

Nah you making shit up there’s no such thing as xenophobia

If anyone didn't know, three afghan school girls were attacked by 20 of their classmates in Houston a few days ago. Wonder if we will see such attacks from drunk people here at VT in the coming months.

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=WjYHbhLNiCE

scared for college next year as a indian, I know white boys are ruthless with blatant racism

Half the mos at the school voted red it’s pretty much what you’d expect from a land grant institution that gets paid to enroll kids from across the state

[deleted]

Yeah, I realized how disgusting those kids are when I used to work events hosting fraternities and sororities. Like absolute apeshit. Spoiled rich white kids with carnal mindsets and conservative views

Entitled rich kids trying to navigate the world under Trump.

I think a lot of it has to do with the maturity imbalance between men and women as well now too. Men are being fed media which intentionally makes them more socially unacceptable. They then take this enstrsngement from Society as proof they're being discriminated against. Which makes them lash out more at those who have been designated as targets by Republicans. Minorities, disabled people, LGBT, etc.

They’re pussies anyways. The vineyard vines vaping in the bathroom and visor caps (alliteration ikik) from high school grow up to be those types and they’re all bark with 0 bite

what’s (W/M)?

There are definitely a ton of HB1 visas, but they are predominantly in IT, and computer science as a close second. The defense sector hires a lot of engineers and HB1 visas holders do not qualify. Finding good engineers, regardless of background, is difficult.

Totally reasonable

How it felt reading the first paragraph

https://youtube.com/shorts/sKbw6QrbOAw?si=hs1Kop1ZhkPTkM9X

Aside: I've always thought "kindly do the needful" was a delightful turn of phrase.

What do you expect whenever the media over here talk about India, it is "here you are, behold another footage of a slum in Mumbai where trash is everywhere"? I even have to ask one of my Indian friends to show me a video of the town where his family is living and it is way different from what I see in the media.

Racial cliques are pretty normal anywhere and with all ethnicities, it’s not just Indians and White people

Yeah, people with Indian friends would be less racist but it's a self feeding cycle. Segregation leads to hate to segregation...

International students probably want to interact more with others with a similar upbringing. This is primarily a language thing, cultural nuances and humor is harder when communicating in a second language. Similarly, if I went to India for a long time, I would seek out other native English speakers.

Yeah, people with Indian friends would be less racist but it's a self feeding cycle. Segregation leads to hate to segregation...

Just checked. Racism is up 10000% in the last few months. This is a horrifying statistic.

I sincerely think you need to go outside. Go rant about the current administration elsewhere, no one gives a shit

+1

For those driving back today on 81… The left lane is for passing, the right lane is for cruising. If you are getting passed on the right, you are doing something wrong.

I’m all for that but I doubt it’s going to apply when 81 turns into hours of traffic all day today

Drive safely, leave early to give yourself plenty of time, and please stay off your cell.

Welcome back!

Tbh not the real reason for the 81 traffic after break though, it’s people following way too close and then slamming into each other

81 south was atrocious today.

Louder for the ones in the back!!!!

Also don't forget if I'm already going 10 over in the left lane and there's traffic in the right lane don't expect me to get out of your way.

Got a court summons, the last time I try to go around 81 traffic 💀

I have a feeling there's not gonna be much passing on 81 today.

The most irritating is when a semi truck moves over to the left lane presumably to pass another one but just sits there for a while….so for miles both semi trucks block both lanes.

How About the guy with a homemade stake body and a pig tied up in the back of his pickup? How fast should he go? Used to see this at least once a trip

[deleted]

Pretty sure all the lanes are for bored truckers

I can't stand 81, bunch of tractor trailers blocking both lanes every time

[deleted]

>> it’s people following way too close and then slamming into each other

Definitely specifically students doing it. I told my wife as soon as we got past 118 it would be clear and we would never see another accident on the rest of the way down to Tennessee. Guess what? I was right.

I'm looking at you, overly aggressive compensating NASCAR driving18 wheelers

[deleted]

Came here to say this, oh my God. I drove back yesterday and there was a line of like six tractor trailers next to me and a guy in a pickup truck was riding my behind so close that I couldn't see his plates or anything, and the INSTANT we passed the trucks he swerved around me in the right lane even though my intention had been to move back into the right lane. Florida plates of course. I was doing 15 over and when he sped off he was easily doing 20-25. That's a felony if he gets caught.

I'm a GA driver, 85 in a 65 is slow.

Are you actually passing traffic to your right, or just cruising at nearly the same speed beside them?

Try to take shoulder?

No joke. Like dude, wouldn’t route 11 be a LOT less stressful? For you AND the pig?

Truckers say that false narrative of a "trucker shortage" isn't accurate.

https://time.com/6116853/truck-driver-shortage-supply-chain/

True, 81 should have been expanded already. Per our Sedition Caucus member, Congressman Griffith,  all is right over here and he voted "Nay" on infrastructure improvements so whatever money the state gets it won't be enough to really do anything with major Interstate improvements in this area.

[deleted]

Nah, this time is was 5 separate fender benders caused by idiot tech and radford students who would then idiotically pull over to the half width left shoulder rather than the full width right shoulder that a kinds of highway signs tell you to pull into.

As an engineer:

*brakes

Nah the issue with 18 wheelers is they go 60 next to each other completely impeding traffic.

Yes, if there is no one to your right, and a line of cars behind you in the left lane, you need to move over regardless of speed.

No

Reckless driving by speeding is a misdemeanor, not a felony.

Well in VA it gets you a misdemeanor charge

[deleted]

I went on some off roads but my mind was in 81 mode

Ended up getting caught going 85 on a 55 road 😬💀

God I hate that he never has a challenger. He's run unopposed for like three terms.

Trust me you’re not looking for them hard enough, they are everywhere

[deleted]

Ah, I know exactly what you mean. I know it all too well... Stay safe out there on the roads bro 🙏🏻

[deleted]

I just saw that happening, I was like, why are those trucks going so slow when there’s so much space in front of them? And my parents clarified that someone probably pissed them off and they end up blocking both lanes of the road on the other side of the highway that’s going northbound shwowhwjwiwhwhwwh

I never said I wouldn't get over if there isn't traffic.

[deleted]

I thought that in Virginia, doing more than 80 or more than 10 mph over the speed limit was a felony? Did that change in the past year?

Edit: Looks like it was a recent change based on the news articles I found. Good. It was a ridiculous charge. Misdemeanor is far more appropriate.

Isn't it a felony?

Reckless is 85 now, so you can go 84 without worries.

He has had challengers but Moron Griffith is funded by the Koch Brothers and other out-of-state conservative groups so it is an uphill battle to campaign against him. Add in that most of the 9th District consistently votes against their best interests and we will see Griffith in office until he is in his 90s.

[deleted]

[removed]

More than 20 over is reckless driving jack wagon.

It was never a felony. It's been a misdemeanor for at least 20 years.

See Code of Virginia, § 46.2-868: https://law.lis.virginia.gov/vacode/title46.2/chapter8/section46.2-868/

No.

Make sure you vote

this and when people say virginia tech university like huh what’s that???

I could never say VA Tech but I'm from New England so after having to explain a few times that VT is not Vermont (UVM) I stick to Virginia Tech unless talking with friends. Even then the ones from Vermont looked puzzled for a second and then it clicks.

So many technical schools but just one Tech.

[removed]

I'm fine with VA Tech, just don't try to pronounce it Vah-Tech.

This might be my wife's biggest pet peeve.

[Cmon guys...](https://i.imgur.com/thMqZGi.png)

Genius

Love the format!

I love the fact that this has become a meme now.

Trumpy daddy UwU

Abbreviaiton

like every single football commit does in their acceptance tweet

I was told my some of my professors several years ago that the school was basically completely disassociating itself from the word “polytechnic” and that we should just put “Virginia Tech” on resumes because  
1- “Virginia Tech” has much higher name recognition than “Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University” and  
2- “polytechnic” has a different connotation in other parts of the world and is more akin to “trade school” than “university”

I used to say it all the time😭

Dude are people being that petty?

Super bowl Champion Kendall Fuller You did great things for us at VT and played a hell of a game tonight for the KS Chiefs!

Go Hokies!!!!!!

Me and the boys were praying for a Fuller INT and we received. Go Chiefs

First Fuller to win a ring.

Dear lord that family needs to generate more offspring. Ideally enough for a full team. Offense, defense, and special teams. 

By 2040 we can rename ourselves the Virginia Tech Fullers.

The Chiefs are based in MO not KS.
As a Hokie and a KC native it has been awesome to watch Fuller play!
Let's go Hokies and go Chiefs!

I wonder if that'll come up at the next family gathering?

Been saying the Fuller and Edmunds brothers all need to start churning out some kids here soon if we want any hope for the future

Guaranteed.

Does anyone know if the Fuller family has any sisters or if the Edmunds’ have sisters?

If so, they need to get in contact with each other and go on some triple dates

The sunset painted some clouds for me on my last day, such a wonderful campus!

Congratulations!

Ah yes upper quad, where they banished the cadets to a corner of the school away from everyone else

Saw it, too. Beautiful. And best wishes to you!

Amazing picture

Great pic!

Congrats! Great pic of the VT!

RIP to our best boy Moose I spent a day a few summers ago filming a library video with the dogs and Trent.  They were all so well behaved and the younger dogs followed Moose’s lead.  Most of all, Trent loved Moose with everything in him.  RIP to our best boy and all the love going out to Trent.

(Taken from Facebook)

With gratitude and sadness, we let our Hokie friends know that our beloved Therapy Dog Moose, who won our hearts, lost his battle with prostate cancer on December 2nd. Moose was peaceful and comfortable at home in the arms of his loving family and his doggie brother, Derek. 

Moose was born and raised with Guiding Eyes for the Blind in New York on February 13th, 2012. His puppy raiser, Nicole Srulowitz, took Moose with her to Ithaca College, where Moose first fell in love with campus life. Moose was re-careered after a minor medical issue prevented him from being placed as a guide dog. 
 
Moose teamed up with Dr. Trent Davis in October 2013 and got right to work at the Cook Counseling Center. Moose was present in thousands of individual and group therapy sessions. He was a happy addition to thousands more outreaches and events across campus. He was always there to give students hugs, high fives, and let them know “It’s OK to ask for help”. Moose loved everyone! He listened carefully while being read to at the Blacksburg Public Library Paws-to-Read program. Moose’s image became iconic as students plastered “VT Therapy Dog” stickers on their water bottles, computers, bikes, and cars. He was often found at campus events including orientation, homecoming, graduation, Gobblerfest, and sporting events. Moose could not go anywhere without being recognized and met with smiles and pets from students, parents, staff, and alumni. He was the clear leader when the Cook Counseling Center added three more dogs to their Therapy Dog Program and taught Derek, Carson, and Wagner how to do the job right!

Moose received many accolades for his service, including being named the 2018 Virginia Veterinary Medical Association Animal Hero of the Year. He was awarded an Honorary Doctor of Veterinary Medicine from the Virginia Maryland College of Veterinary Medicine in May 2020. He made friends with celebrities like Miss America Camille Schrier, Former Head Football Coach Frank Beamer, and the HokieBird. He was even a judge at the Blacksburg Halloween Costume Contest at the Lyric. 

Moose loved being a Hokie and enjoyed life in the New River Valley. When he was not working, Moose enjoyed playing tug-o-war, swimming, hiking, and fishing. Mostly, he loved his dad, Trent, …. And, of course, like any good Lab, treats! 

Moose will be fondly remembered for his calm, steady demeanor, and easy spirit. He had exuberant energy, love for everyone, and incredible compassion for the human condition. To describe in him human terms, he was patient, kind, caring, loyal, and stoic. His life impacted so many people and has a global reach. 
Moose embodied the Virginia Tech motto: Ut Prosim. In his final act of service a few weeks ago, Moose ran through the tunnel at Lane Stadium and helped Coach Beamer record a PSA. A dog with a huge presence, he served humbly and quietly (He never once barked at work!).
Moose, we will miss you, our furry friend. A king among us, you leave the legacy of a giant. We will never truly know your reach and impact. Rest in peace, Dr. Moose. We will always celebrate your bright eyes, open heart, and courage to heal.
The Animal Assisted Therapy Team would love it if you would share your favorite memories of Moose in the comments below. We ask if you would like to honor Moose with a donation, they may be made in his name to Guiding Eyes for the Blind https://donate.guidingeyes.org/site/Donation2;jsessionid=00000000.app20014a?idb=0&df_id=2700&2700.donation=form1&NONCE_TOKEN=E0EF3FC218CAE6B99FEA75550029A158

Petition to have a statue of Moose at Cook

He was the definition of a good boy. Rest in peace

Fuck 2020, such a pure soul. I Had the honor of spending just a little bit of time with him here and there while at Tech. So sweet and caring. Rest In Peace.

This literally sucked every little bit of sunshine from my soul. 

Rest in peace, buddy. You’ll be missed.

Moose :( thank you for all the hugs and cuddles when I was down and needed them most!

Nooooooo!

Rest in peace good boy

https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/346/018/725.jpg

o7   salute to the best of bois.

RIP Dr. Moose :( You will be missed

Good night, sweet prince

RIP - Moose will be deeply deeply missed😭

2020 claimed another victim

I'm so sad to hear this news. He was such a great boy. I am surprised to see that Tech or the vet school didn't do much to help him regarding his treatment considering Moose was such a prominent figure for the university.

My yellow lab is named Moose after this VT legend. My heart is totally broken today. I hope everyone is doing okay, today and in general, and that the impact Moose left at Tech inspires us all to care a little more after one another

This is the worst thing I have ever read in my life

Seriously though, we should get this going. He was the goodest of boys

This made me cry. Thank you

His treatment was done by the vet school, I’m not sure if they paid for it or not

We all know that statues only get put up for donations, but if somebody organized a GoFundMe and got Tech's word that if the money got raised, they'd put the statue up, I think it would get a lot of traction

Me too.

I absolutely hope they would. He and his family definitely deserved it.

Yeah I thought naming a building after him would be too ambitious

Mood this morning

Mike Young oozes personality. Can’t wait for basketball season.

Petition to make this a Mike Young subreddit

[Mood this morning](https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/100/435/a58.jpg)

We all love Basketball Beamer in Hokie Nation!

Tech has never been consistently good at basketball have they?

God his stint in [Maui](https://giphy.com/gifs/HokieSports-basketball-hokies-mbb-W36hYOlDcdSu7g8yV7) was so damn fun to watch. I’m still praising the fact we pulled him over Gregg Marshall after his controversies in Wichita

Granted.

loool

Fire Fuente I don’t care about his contract anymore. This is just unacceptable. I’d rather eat his contact now and complain about it for the next few years than watch this man have a job at our school.

Score is 40-14 going into the 4th.

Fuck Justin Fuente all my Hokies hate Justin Fuente

It was really dumb to sign him to that contract when he didn’t do anything to deserve it. Different story if we had back to back ACC championship appearances. Why they gifted him that contract I have no idea. It should have been a 2-3 year one or year to year.

Athletic department is too cheap to buy him out so odds are we got another year of that shiter till we can afford to drop him. Thank god Mike Young and the basketball team show some sign of competence because at this point they are the only bright spot of VT athletics

Dude has to go this is atrocious. Our OC can go too cause who TF calls QB power on 3rd and 25

We were all spoiled with Beamer for so long, now I’m afraid if we fire the worlds worst coach we won’t be able to attract any talent in the position and be doomed too another mediocre option for 3-4 years

Aside from what we'd have to pay him if we fire him, does anyone have any reason why he shouldn't be fired?

Hokie Club needs to discretely come up with a Fire Fuente Fund. Something like: Lane Stadium holds ~65k people. If we all paid $25 for each of the 6 home games we didn't have this year, we'd raise about $10 million (which is Fuente's rumored buyout)

Probably not gonna happen. He might get a pass due to Covid. My guess he's here for at least one more year.

I didn't see the game but I see that Herbert had 8 yards per carry. So then why does he only have 9 carries!!!???!?
Completely oblivious to in-game adjustments. That probably goes for the past 5 years- when you win no one notices them.

Clemson and Hoos to finish out - oh BOY!!!

Who can VT even realistically hire? If we won't take a shot on someone who needs to rebound (ie Hugh Freeze) than what can we afford? I don't understand how we can just accept losing instead of taking a shot. Seriously what is the harm? VT is nationally irrelevant and has been since 2007? 2010 maybe? How much negative flak could really come from hiring someone like that, it's what you do when your a poor school like us how can we act like we're any better than wake/bc/duke etc we don't have some storied history to fall back on I don't get it

Fire Fuente and anyone that defends him. So freaking SICK of QB draw on 3rd and 6. Simply retarded.

Just realizing the 26 year bowl streak is over with a Clemson loss next

So obviously this season is everything its record suggests it is: A disaster.

What's the problem(s)? Play better? Coach better? Find a New Coaching staff? All of the Above?

Coach Fuente is the 36th Head Coach of HOKIES Football, of the 36 coaches only 4 coaches have longer tenures than his 5 years. Most of us became fans during the Beamer era and fell in love with just about everything about HOKIE football especially its success: Beamerball, Lane, Sandman, the HokieBird, Vick, TerrorDome, TNF, Gameday, Skipper ... the list goes on. Beamer built an enormous football culture that still endures.

That being said, 4 of Beamer's first six seasons were losing seasons. As many do, I vividly remember season 6. The HOKIES had a good team but couldn't win. It was the year of the 'Chokies' - in SIX of the 8 losses, the HOKIE had the lead with less than 2 mins left in the 4th Qtr. As bad as that was, nothing was more disappointing than the tie to WVU. VT dominated the game but only scored 10 points. Late in the 4th, WVU found themselves in Tech territory for one of the only times that day. I can still see the short wobbly lame-duck field goal attempt just barely dropping over the crossbar with no time left. No OT - an even worse feeling than a loss. Beamer's record after 6 seasons was 24-40-2 (.363) in 66 games.

Fuente's record after 5 seasons will be about 37-27 (.578) in 64 games. Comparisons can be made between the 2 but it's really apples and oranges. Beamer's last losing season was 28 years ago, Fuente's currently in his second. Beamer's salary was a mere fraction of Fuente's. Beamer was of the era of good 'ole boy coaching, Fuente is in a results-based - 'winning's everything' coaching landscape.

So what to do next ... this bears heavily on Whit Babcock's shoulders. Does Fuente get another season to turn things around? Will an 8-4 season in 2021 be enough? To his credit, Whit has may some great hires during his tenure (including Fuente). I believe most HOKIES have a lot of confidence in Whit's decision-making abilities and he will do what's best, given his options.

So what will Fuente's first 5 years be remembered as in 30 years? A rough start to a great era of success just like Beamer's? or another short stint of a coaching staff before coach #37 was hired?

Go HOKIES!

Revoke a few scholarships too man fuck them kids

Before firing him, I believe he has earned next year

\- his recruited / highly touted QB's (Hooker / Patterson) will have 2+ years in the system

\- First year DC, the secondary has been decimated by covid / injury / off field challenges

What we don't need is a bunch of former Hokie players turned asst coaches popping up out of the woodwork to throw their names in the hat, promising a return to the glory days. No Thank You, most qualified candidates only please.

Pay the players first

Contract details [here](https://projects.newsday.com/college-football-coaches-salaries-contracts/justin-fuente/) and [here](https://herosports.com/justin-fuente-virginia-tech-buyout-salary-ahah/)

Hire Harbaugh or Muschamp?

Seriously. Calm down. Fuente isn’t the problem. We are rebuilding a program. We got one of the top HS picks with Hollifield. Covid is the problem this year. Yet I’ll grant everyone that he shouldn’t have called time out with a kicker that has never really made a field goal that long the other week. These types of threads hurt the program. Beamer wasn’t at his top either in his last few years. We need to support our coach.

Oh my God. Who. The Hell. CARES?

Fucking hell no wonder the world has gone to shit, people worrying about and getting upset over a bunch of buff dudes throwing a ball at each other. What happened to "for the love of the game" or whatever the fuck?

It's sports man, somebody's got to lose.

He doesn't have much leeway now

I don’t know anything about coaching contracts in CFB, but it would seem like common sense to me to wait until Fuente can at least cycle in some of his own recruits before we give him a massive buy out. Before Whit game him his huge buyout, we had a team with the talent to take eventual NC Clemson to the wire in the ACCCG, but they were all Beamer recruits (-Jerod). Is it too much to ask for to give him a short contract, let him cycle in his recruits and play a full season or two with a good portion of them and base a possible extension off those results?

Hang on now, our Wrestling program produced its first national champion last year, and has been a top 12 team for the past 3 years, including a 4th place finish in 2016. They are the bright spot of our athletic dept.

The contract isn’t as bad as everyone thinks. The payout is over four years if we fire him now. Also, any coaching money he earns is credited against what we owe him. So if we pay him $2.5M in severance for next year, but he takes a job for $2M, we only owe him $500k for 2021. He could just screw us and not work again for 4 years, but he is too young to do that imho.

I’m not confident about our basketball team whatsoever this year. I can’t be the only one with that opinion...

I haven’t kept up with college baseball in a while. Isn’t VT decent at that, too?

This is hilarious. Mike Young and the basketball team were massively under .500 in conference guy. He has one recruit for next yr, abd the kid is a Wofford level player...and he has so much playing time to sell. We will be bottom of the ACC yet again, with zero hope of ever finishing even top 8 (yet alone go to an ACC title gm like Fuente did). And btw, Fuente inherited a joke of a program, that was 6-6 for 3 straight yrs. Young inherited the best state of VT hoops ever, fresh off of being a top 15 team...and that program has been run into the floorblike Stokes years abd Johnson years. Fuente has expired, but let's atleast acknowledge one guy has won, and one guy is a total flop of a hire.

I saw that, it’s like handing the controller to a 4 year old when playing madden.

If Liberty is able to get a talented SEC coach why can’t we?

The best defense is basically that is a weird year with COVID and they're breaking in a new DC. That doesn't explain why the playcalling is trash and it looks like no one gives a shit about actually winning a game though

https://old.reddit.com/r/VirginiaTech/comments/hvxstl/tech_be_like/

I’m a student but I’d contribute $25 bucks to fire Fuente

Well the entire hokie alum is probably even more members, so it could be doable, I’d contribute money if there was ever an official fund.

FSU boosters did that for Taggart

8 yards is 7.32 meters

[deleted]

The main ones are Fickell (which isn’t happening), Satterfield (which would only be remotely possible if the rumor that he hates Louisville is true), Harbaugh (if he gets fired but I don’t even think we could get him), Mike Houston, or Bill Clark. Of all of these Houston is the most realistic since he could be pulled away from ECU and is the opposite of Fuente in the fact that he has a personality but it’s risky since he’s a lot like Fuente in the aspect of a lack of P5 experience. He has turned ECU around and was dominant at JMU but you’re risking him not being able to transfer over to the P5 level

2nd and 25. Run it up the middle for nothing. 
3rd and 26. Run it up the middle for nothing. 
Cool.

Maybe not - due to Covid - supposedly any team that wants a bowl gets one.

If we have 5 straight losses to end the season - it would be just silly to accept a bowl game that no fans can attend.

Tough year all around.

>That being said, 4 of Beamer's first six seasons were losing seasons.

Beamer was hired in the wake of the Bill Dooley debacle. Dooley was concerned about his win/loss record and scheduled a lot of cupcake teams to boost his wins. He also got lax in oversight of the department, which led to financial problems and didn't stay on top of following recruiting rules, which led to NCAA sanctions for Beamer to deal with.

They’re cool except the ones liking their highlights on Twitter 20 mins after the game ended. They can fuck off with that selfish shit.

The football team doesn’t deserve the scholarships. They don’t care about the sport. They aren’t driven. 

I get my info from someone who works with the team every day. They just don’t have the drive and it’s showing in their games. Not fully a fuente problem

I have 0 doubt that paying the players (or their families), under the table is how other schools are able to recruit high caliber talent.  How else can you explain how Liberty attracted Malik Willis?

I mean... doesn’t free tuition count

With what money?

Jeeze he’s living the life, look at all that money and perks...

That’s fucking ridiculous

> a contract extension that included a gigantic buyout if he's fired ***without cause***

Time to start digging for some dirt!

Harbaugh is an NFL coach, not college imo.

Muschamp has a career record of 56-51. Why would he be an upgrade?

You don’t seem like someone who follows the program very heavily. Fuente is the source of all problems on this team. Beamer used to recruit your Hollifields and Payoutes multiple times a year, every year. Have you looked at our 2 most recent recruiting classes? Compare them to the Beamer years. And the scariest part is Fuente wasn’t even recruiting that badly when he first got here, and those kids are now our starters, and we SUCK. What the fuck happens when our 70th ranked recruiting classes come in? We are also NOT a rebuilding program, we returned something like 20 starters two years in a row, with a good amount of senior and junior starters this year. Finally, COVID isn’t an excuse when every single team is dealing with it. We’ve gotten healthier and healthier as the season progressed, with less and less players out due to COVID and WE ARE GETTING WORSE. Fuente is a fucking blight on this program and the sooner he and his staff go the better.

I was really excited for this year at Tech ya know. I just wanted to go off to college. Now I’ll probably be sent home as soon as I get there.

Ugh. I guess people don’t realize if they shut down again tech is losing enough money that people
Could lose their jobs as well. not just the health concern...

Honestly this is the same in every city for people much older than 18, it’s not unique to colleges but it should definitely be expected. If you just lost a semester of undergrad in the spring then quarantined all summer it’s real easy to sell partying in such an insular community as VT.

It’s on the admin for letting in-person classes happen and putting faculty at risk. The actual kids in school don’t care cause the odds of them getting seriously impacted by COVID is very low. I was in school during swine flu and that was a much worse disease for young people and we didn’t take any precautions.

As much as I love tech - it’s not exempt from teenage stupidity and recklessness. For them, there is no “consequence” outside of the police showing up. They aren’t afraid of getting sick because they don’t think it’s serious. This doesn’t surprise me, I expected it.

Ut Prosim y'all

I honestly don’t understand how they think this is okay. I’ve been looking forward to being at VT and living on campus since I was a kid. I’m dreading the day we get kicked out and I haven’t even moved in yet.

You say this like everyone didn’t know this was going to happen at damn near any school in the country.

Bro I’m hearing a house party outside of my apt right now and I’m so frustrated because I’m trying to sleep. I imagine it’s looking a lot like this rn

^this is why I'm not leaving my apartment as much as I can help it, there's going to be an outbreak this fall and the school is going to blame all of the students for it, even those of us who are taking this seriously

Sad times :(

When they get sent home and want to cry, "But what if we bring covid home to our families :,(" I don't want to hear it because they obviously have no concern about bringing or spreading it to the families here in Blacksburg lol. Like, y'all know damn well it's not going to last. If you go out and act irresponsibly you are knowingly risking taking it back to your folks.

[deleted]

I get that Americans value freedom and liberty but what the fuck guys.

So kids sit in classrooms together but then it’s bad if they gather together? It seems like the school has set them up for failure by having them come back to campus to congregate in classrooms… bring college kids to college and they’ll gather together. Doesn’t take much to figure that one out

Saw a group of about 10 frat bro’s walking down Roanoke today with cases of beer in-hand and not a single mask. We’re not making it two weeks into this semester

Haven’t even gotten to tech yet and I’ve already been invited to a party...yeah idk about this semester tbh :(

You underestimated how stupid our school is

Hype. Are you a freshman too pr

Anyone else just not party for like the first two years or am I the only loser here?

Where is my invite /s

[deleted]

Wow, Techs standards for admission hit a new low.

[deleted]

This is or will be happening at every big school. We will see how it rolls. Probably not good. People are too horny unfortunately.

“Remember everyone, it’s only the old that should worry, young people are fine even though many of them died!” /s

I made a variant of this comment on a different post, but I think it bears repeating here:

If you know names of any students or groups involved, you can try referring them to the [conduct office](https://studentconduct.vt.edu/), likely via [this form](https://cm.maxient.com/reportingform.php?VirginiaTech&layout_id=14). This may be in violation of [relevant policies](https://studentconduct.vt.edu/fall_2020.html), specifically the [community wellness commitment](https://ready.vt.edu/well.html), or something else noted in the [student conduct public health enforcement strategies](https://studentconduct.vt.edu/content/dam/studentconduct_vt_edu/COVID19_Education_Enforcement_Fall2020_Final.pdf). If student conduct determines a violation occurred, based on evidence (such as this photo), it is their prerogative to require a conduct hearing, apply sanctions, etc.

Yes, narcing on your friends is probably the best way to manage this awful situation. In any other situation, I really can't recommend sending people to student conduct, as it's an awful and unfair experience and has real consequences for students (especially alcohol violations).

Pro tip: anyone can do this about anything students do that may violate university policies or be disruptive, even if it happens off-campus, even outside of COVID-related violations. But it is up to student conduct whether they want to do followup.

“Burn them” “expel them” very tolerant of all you people. Nothing better to do than comment on a picture of people *not breaking any rules*. Everyone here freaking out about being around people doesn’t need to worry, you clearly aren’t getting invited to any parties

How many times am I gonna have to see some picture of <20 people semi close to each other and read all the comments jerking each other off for how "we're so fucked" "home by September" and other copypasted responses from people with no desire to have a social life or not stay locked up alone inside for the rest of their lives

Current Town of Blacksburg Guidelines prohibit more than 50 person gatherings... seems to be less than that , they are also not in public so are not required to wear masks... don’t see the issue tbh

Tbh it’s going to happen. It’s been happening. Everyone’s been at bars too. There’s no need to publicly shame anyone. If you don’t want to participate then don’t.

[deleted]

[deleted]

So many snowflakes omg

Burn them all.

Fuckin hell what sort of dumbass frat name is Yash?

Sands already said jobs would be lost if the university goes fully virtual.

i don’t think it’s the students fault that a university that makes millions can’t pay its staff

I bet you also criticize bars and restaurants for not closing.

[deleted]

> The actual kids in school don’t care cause the odds of them getting seriously impacted by COVID is very low.

This is the piece of false information that is driving this. *short term* they are at low risk of something happening. Long term, we don't know yet, but we've seen evidence around the world that COVID can potentially fuck you up for the rest of your life in a marid of ways.

Being a teenager isn’t an excuse for being a dick. This is a loud minority.

[deleted]

"Boomer Doomer!" 😎😜💪👌🤘

Your forgot your /s

I don't know why people are surprised. You sent a bunch of college kids back to school and expected them to all stay in and not party?

I mean, I just sorta hoped it wouldn’t.

:(

Same here, I moved into my apartment two weeks ago and haven't left since. Sometimes I feel like I should've just stayed home for the semester but here I am, I guess.

Look I appreciate your care for others but unless you are a healthcare professional I don't respect your opinion on FERPA rules... We follow those rules for a reason and if you want me to I can explain everything but if they are hard to access for a reason. And I think 99% of people would agree with those reasons.

Wonder if it's the same group of frat bros on Main St. who laughed at me for wearing a mask, then pretended to sneeze on me as I walked past them. 😒

Imagine seeing some friends carrying some beer and thinking they're hurting anyone...

See this is the stuff I like to see, an argument coupled with clear evidence. Wish more people were like this.

You love to see it.

I don't know, I'd almost be ok with VT losing to Clemson that bad because it would have meant we beat UVA.

They were there and we werent. Cant hate on them too much really. Though obviously it is funny to see such a beat down.

You think this’ll put us in the orange bowl?

Shoulda been us losing by 45 points...

Actually I fucking hate clemson so I don't really like to see either of the outcomes

I doubt it. UVA will get another chance to embarrass the ACC.

We might get Citrus, and die a horrible death to alabama.

Nah, ESPN projects us going to either the Sun Bowl or the Belk Bowl.

I mean, we've had a better second half of the season but we would do about the same.

[deleted]

Damn, and here I was thinking we'd have 15 years to prepare...

Last I checked we weren't projected to get bama anymore. ESPN predicts Kansas or Mississippi State now. Please no bama

thats not how conference work

Can't switch the teams around every year. They haven't always been this good

Clemson is A++ every year.  And I think we would have done better than this against the Tigers

One of my best friends is an Alabama alumni and he's laughing his ass off.

Right, people seem to forget that Clemson went on a conference title drought from 1991-2010.  Which included VT joining the ACC in 2004 and winning 4 conference titles between 2004-2010.

Yeah, it really wasn't *that* long ago when they beat us twice as our only regular season losses and we (at least I was) were surprised/mad about it. What they've become is what all pretty good but not elite programs can have hope about becoming one day

That was the year they were demolished by West Virginia in the orange bowl and Danny coale caught the ball when we beat Michigan.

Speaking about the boy who died in the accident: Town Council 6:30 PM April 21 (traffic laws) Hello Hokies.

I will be speaking at the Town Council at 6:30 PM tomorrow (Tuesday, April 22, sorry for typo). I was Franklin's teacher for a math course and he was one of the best students I ever had. He was a funny, friendly, and extremely curious person who was taken away from us too soon. I will be recounting some of my experiences with him and appealing for better traffic laws. Some progress is being made by the council on this matter, but I believe there is value in sharing why this is of urgent importance to us as a community. 

I urge anyone who knew him or wants to show support to attend the meeting at the municipal hall. If you reach the lobby (past the faces and flowers, go around the building), someone will guide you to the chambers. If you have something to share about Franklin, please do so at the meeting. You can just come up and contribute, no prior registration needed.

He made an impact on my life and his fellow classmates, and I am sure he would have made one on the world too, if he had the chance. I hope his story lives on to pave better, safer roads for us all.

Thank you for reading. Please consider showing up and stay safe out there.

https://news.vt.edu/articles/2025/04/sa-fszhangmemoriam.html

Thank you for doing this.

I will always back pedestrian focused infrastructure. If Virginia Tech expects continuous growth and if Blacksburg wants to keep up, a real change in how we approach this issue needs to happen. 

Good luck and thank you for taking the time to push for this objectively better future. 

Doesn’t even need to be a massive financial effort. There are so many things that can be done without making a whole to-do about the issue.

As an oos parent of a VT student, thank you for doing this. I hope some change that matters comes from this horrible tragedy. Seeing how you feel that you connected with this student tells me (at least) that you are the type of teacher we need more of.

This is so heart breaking. I’m a Blacksburg native but live in Chicago now. However, my family is still in Blacksburg. I saw the original post about this accident and felt shaken; I have a brother the same age as Franklin who also likes to walk around town, including the area on prices fork, as it’s close to where my family lives. I’m also half Canadian — all my family on one of my parents side lives in the area Franklin was from. But even if there weren’t all these parallels in life, it still is utterly heartbreaking to lose a young life and I cannot fathom how his family and friends feel. Thank you for doing this and celebrating his life. As someone who also personally knew some of the victims from 4/16, I feel like the best way to honor those senselessly lost is to let them live on within us. Maybe that’s corny. But I truly believe that. 

All this to say, thank you for doing this and my heart truly goes out to all those in Franklin’s life. He sounds like a wonderful human.

Is this event being streamed? Not in Blacksburg currently

The main thing that gets cars to slow down is by narrowing lanes and putting more stuff around the road, think main street or any dense east coast city. These 4 lane roads around town \*feel\* like highways and people will go the speed that feels right which can be very different then what's safe. More enforcement would be good too, driving here is often a privilege rather than a requirement like most of the US and people need to remember that.

There needs to be a pedestrian bridge over prices fork. As a main feeder road in the town and for the university, reducing the speed limit won’t do much. As VT grows, so will the amount of vehicular traffic on PFR.

That is so tragic, so damn young with his whole life ahead of him. This is a nice thing to do for him and his family and friends and perhaps even make the community safer.

Hi do you mean today? you posted this yesterday on the 21st

Where is the town council? I would really like to join but all I see on Google maps is the Blacksburg municipal building

What accident?

RIP Franklin ✌️ 🙏🏾

Live in the present folks. No matter how you are doing in school, don’t let it control and ruin your mood. Just try to change the present and don’t look at the past. You never know when it’s going to be your last

I guarantee you that poor boy did not wake up thinking he would die.

The same session will have the presentation on this topic and suggested changes afterwards. I should have mentioned that in the post :/

In larger areas there are times where all the lights are red to allow all pedestrians to cross at the same time with the inclusion of diagonal crosswalks I think that Prices fork/Toms creek intersection can benefit from this 

Also lights in crosswalks especially around areas that aren’t as lit up or may be harder to see someone especially if they’re wearing all black 

I think in terms of drivers i’ve seen a lack of turn signal use, speeding up at yield signs, speeding in general and I think more traffic police should catch those things as they make the road dangerous for not just pedestrians but also other drivers. 

I do also think sometimes pedestrians are at fault the amount of times I have seen people walk in the roads without looking or I’ve almost hit someone because they weren’t paying attention whether it’s because they’re drunk or not looking both ways before blindly trying to jay walk

and while I do appreciate the green aspect that VT is trying to encourage like riding bikes bikes need to be treated like cars while on the road. The amount of stop signs I have seen many bikers wizz through without even slightly stopping. Or when they drive against traffic (like they’re on the right side of the road but biking the opposite direction) It can create dangerous situations.

Thank you for sharing. Hope you  and your family remain safe.


I believe exactly in this, people live for as long as their stories live with us. He was a wonderful human indeed.

Yeah, it will be streamed and, if I am not wrong, it's recorded and uploaded to the website too.

They talked about that in the meeting. Their study showed it wouldn't work, be clunky and not accessible.

Oh thank you for pointing it out. Yes  I mean April 22nd, Tuesday (today). Sorry about that.

300 S. Main Street - the building with the heads.

Here’s the wdbj story about the accident: https://www.wdbj7.com/2025/04/01/pedestrian-killed-blacksburg-crash/

Along Price’s Fork Road:
 - More traffic lights and more controlled pedestrian intersections. This arterial street is now a city street with heavy traffic and more pedestrians than I have ever seen since moving here in 1989. More pedestrians with nearby high density student housing is a good thing and with places like The Edge, it is what we have. 
- More “no right on red”…the constant trickle traffic coming from red lights means there is never a safe break in traffic for pedestrians and vehicles at the uncontrolled intersections.
- Longer collector turn lanes for West campus drive.
- More All-Way stops at every intersection in McBryde Village with actual concerted enforcement because this would be a better way to slow cut though traffic in-lieu of speed bumps. 
- More speed enforcement on Price’s Fork Road…it is like living next to a drag strip and I have NEVER seen radar enforcement on this road.

Awesome! Any mention of speed bumps or other traffic tamers ?

where can i watch the stream? Thank you for doing this by the way

Something that seems to be happening where I live is advance walk signals -- the walk sign says go, but the traffic lights are still red. This seems to let pedestrians get into the crosswalk and be more visible to drivers before they start moving. As a driver, it was a little weird to get used to but I actually think it makes things safer.

I asked, and the response was as follows: 
***
"Emergency services like fire and ambulance hate speedbumps. We have some speedbumps in places but it's observed that people skid brake near them and honk, at the speed bump". Horrible behavior.


An Architecture prof at VT said "Speed bumps are a symbol of a dying neighborhood". When all else fails, people put speed bumps.
***


I'm not an expert on this, so I'm going to believe them.

They are streamed via [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLNyWLxp8GTFK3pBxrfP7o7AoiGWm6b-nu) then archived on the [ToB website](https://www.blacksburg.gov/town-council/meetings/meeting-agendas-videos-and-minutes/town-council-meeting-agendas-videos-and-minutes). If you sign up for [Citizen Alerts](https://member.everbridge.net/453003085611857/new), you'll be notified of meetings & agendas before hand.

Here is the direct link: https://www.youtube.com/live/Y86HYLoT7do?si=Taex91X84GPsY4E3

The lead pedestrian intervals should be timed this way here, if working correctly. There are definitely some where the lead time should be longer though.

Had a feeling there must be some kind of drawback for them. ES has a good reason to be speeding.

I’m confused by the honking though. Is there a reason for it? Like some kind of “fuck you for making me slow down”?

These sorts of analyses always feel weak to me. Sure, there's a downside. But that downside can be compared to the benefit. And it isn't like "install speed bumps" is a never-before-tried approach where we cannot use data from other places to estimate the harm caused by slower emergency services and the benefit gained from safer pedestrians. 

As for other pedestrian-friendly design being better than speed bumps, sure thing. I don't think anybody would be upset if there was a solution that was cheaper or safer or which disrupted traffic less. 

But these don't feel like complete arguments to me.

Yup, it's in front of ex-mayor's house.

The singular speed bump in front of the former mayors house is not a representation of all speed bumps in Blacksburg 🤣 but the implementation of speed bumps is atrocious in this town.

Welcome back Hokies! This townie welcomes you all back! Blacksburg is not the same without you!

Be kind to yourself and others this semester. Enjoy the college experience, study, and rest.

If you are new to Blacksburg, be sure to get off campus and enjoy downtown and the outdoors - hiking, the Cascades, the New River, the Farmers Market, and more.

Always carry an umbrella because it's Blacksburg. Never put away your clothes based on the season because in Blacksburg you can experience all seasons in one day.

Eat your veggies. Stay hydrated. Call your support system back home and check in.

Go Hokies!

Love,
Mom

Wholesome. Thank you!

Thanks Mom

🥺🥺🥺 this felt nice

As a Hokie that came and stayed, I concur! We have missed all of you!

STOP I have 2 more weeks!

<3

My shriveled heart was not ready for this warm welcome-

<3 Go Hokies!

I am coming next week and couldn't have asked for a better welcome message. Thank you!

[Absolutely marvelous and magnificent!](https://i.imgur.com/uvFkpkz.gif)

😭

Love you mom

My mom used to say, "We love to see ya come and we love to see ya go." For now though, welcome back. :D

Also, if we see you freshman on the bus to south main, we will laugh at you. The parties are in the other direction.

Well shit so much for the peace

Read this again in 2 weeks.

Aww don't act like you actually go outside.  Just sit there quietly and play your little video games

Missing game days like these 😞

You might be the only person in existence to get the frequency of the led screen to line up with the shutter of your camera

Hey I can see me in this lol

I strangely enjoyed getting bundled up and going to cold, dreary weather football games, somehow felt like quintessential Virginia Tech

[deleted]

Yeah I think we were all missing Divine Deablo on Saturday

Whats the criteria for going this  year? Just parents of players, or is it the big donating alums or what?

What is Blacksburg like on Saturdays now? I'm stopping in town next weekend during a cross-country move and will have to find a hotel nearby.

They should let Seniors go to one game, Jrs to another, Sophs to another, Freshman another. 

Sad that Frosh won't be able to walk over to Lane on game day while living in dorms.

That’s like really hard to do right

Same, my last game in Lane as a student. That was a hell of a day

And then getting all cozy and warm in your dorm/apt afterwards..nostalgic

Isabel! It was awesome to watch...from the warmth and dryness of my living room. 

I was in the stadium for the full 09 Miami game though. Flu like symptoms for days after that. Worth it though.

Max 1000 people total for large events in VA, so almost no one that isn't essential.

I'm not sure why, but VT's Hokievision doesn't use a regular 30Hz or 60Hz LED screen that lines up with our camera shutters. If you're not aware, this is called aliasing. Its why, when you record using an american camera in a country with a 50 Hz electrical grid, the lights on your video will flicker. The same goes for cameras designed for 50 Hz grids when coming to america. On youtube, many european youtubers record in 50 fps, but in America, we use 30 or 60 fps. It's possible that VT cheaped out and went with a more cinematic 24fps, but this is only standard in cinema and not for sports or LED screens.

MAN. that was a fun game!

The reason for the 50 hz vs 60 hz has to do with the frequency of the AC power going in.

Correct.

Keep up the good work hokies!

Very pleased to see John Moody is wearing a mask. 

Frank Beamer should give a bunch of money to the university so he can get his name and statue somewhere. 

(/s)

[deleted]

130+ in a week. Good work indeed.

Who was John Moody?

“Said no one ever”

Sadly I think you’re absolutely right, this is 100% sarcasm and I really wish I could’ve said it genuinely :(

I think that [report](https://ready.vt.edu/dashboard.html) was actually +157 in the week bringing us up to 178 total cases.

I didn’t know myself, but turns out he was a fundraiser for VT athletics for 41 years and he passed away back in 2016. He also held multiple positions here at VT at various points and was a long time fixture in the community. That’s why he was honored with a statue upon his death

Add in the 120+ in Montgomery County too.

I spent 7 years in Blacksburg as an undergrad and a gradstudent and I had never heard of him.

> That’s why he was honored with a ~~statue~~ plaza upon his death

FTFY. ;-)

Good point lol :)

Pretty much everyone's mood

Man, I can't imagine how mad Bud Foster must be putting up with this garbage. If we had even a ~50th ranked offense we'd be a good team, but no, after 15 years, 3-4 offensive coordinators, 2 coaches, 15 recruit classes we're still consistent shit.

I also can't imagine how Frank Beamer and Michael Vick must feel standing on the sidelines in the flaming ruins of what they built.

Done with Fuente

I doubt even if we asked Mike Vick who was attending to dress up and toss him in there we’d still lose.....it’s coaching. Recruiting too but more coaching for your team to just look out of it after a bye week....I feel bad saying this but I’m almost rooting to lose for changes to happen. Tired of being disappointed over and over but that’s being a Hokie fan (with the exception of basketball last year, never thought I’d see the Hokies in the sweet 16).

Fire Fuente

This game did not give me confidence in them going into @ Miami, @ Notre Dame, and @ That Charlottesville Team...

I’m guessing we can kiss the common wealth trophy we held for so long goodbye then! Even UVA looks better then us this year!

But wait! It gets worse.

It’s like UVA secretly took our players and gave us theirs. Never thought I’d see them ranked under 20 that’s rare for UVA football.

The offensive coordinator is the biggest problem. Yes Fuente should have more control but when we have the receivers that we have, who are built to run down the field and catch 20 yard passes, we shouldn’t be calling screen passes. It isn’t working, yet we continue to call the same 3 plays. Let our QB throw downfield and have our boys go up and make a play

Lol 2 weeks ago people on here were saying we could still win 8-9 games and reminding me of how we started 0-2 in 2010. Maybe now they'll see the truth of what this team is.

We are fuckin kansas right now.

Such is the game. Hope they can learn from it and make improvements

Isn’t duke known for basketball..? If so, um...😂

Things change dude. Not everyone can be a powerhouse. VT fans need this kind of thing as a constant reminder that your program isn't a Clemson, Florida State, Ohio State or Alabama. VT isn't there yet!

This is beyond embarrassing. Had hope for this staff for too long. This is a nail in the coffin for this season. Unfortunately, looks like Fu will be around for another year though.

Bud has been trash the past 2 years as well, let's not kid ourselves. He's a legend and I appreciate that he knows when to hang his boots, but it's time to completely clean the house.

Right on.  I wish Bud had been named Beamer's successor, and this is not just 20/20 hindsight, I was vouching for Bud in 2015.

I mean, 15 years isn’t really accurate. We won the ACC championship in 2010 and went to it in 2011 and 2016. I wouldn’t call that shit but you’re point is taken.

What was he thinking changing quarterbacks in the first quarter.  They had it under control until he did that.

We’re recruiting better than when Beamer was here. The difference is Beamer was a god at developing players whereas fuente takes a 4 star recruit and somehow turns them into a 2-3 star juco. We’ve had 4 stars coming in who are still on benches while a KU backup qb (who was their backup when they went 2-10) somehow is better simply because he has on field experience. If we had any coaches that could develop anything Willis would’ve been gone in a season.

Those are guaranteed losses, this is probably the year we lose to uva and miss a bowl. I thought last year was bad.

Not to mention the longest running bowl streak in the nation.

Another jet sweep is stopped behind the line

🤦‍♂️

> your program isn't a ... Florida State

Florida State went 5-7 and lost to us literally last season. What are you talking about 😂

We don't need to be a fucking Alabama but is it too much to ask being a decent Rank 20-25 team? After everything that Frank has built up for us?

Clemson was a mediocre team early on when I was a student 06-12 and look how quick their program turned around, why can’t we do do that? VT isn’t there....... yet? They’ll never be there at this point. Not going in any good direction.

Without Bud this is a consistent 2-10 team isn't it?

I mean, as recently as 2017, VT had a good defense with two non-seniors (the Edmunds bros) getting drafted in the NFL's first round as former 3\* recruits.  It's a huge reason why VT finished ranked that year despite having a new QB (JJ) with only 1 proven receiver to throw to.  You're right that 2018 was horrible and rock bottom, but even then with injuries and attrition VT was essentially playing with its 2nd/3rd string defense that year.  At least with Bud when things get bad, they don't stay bad for prolonged periods.

That’s a Cornelsen call. Fuente could’ve vetoed though

To be fair, if it worked out and there wasn’t a fumble we wouldn’t be complaining. I thought Willis was injured or shaken up at first. We don’t have any good QBs so I guess it didn’t hurt to try.

Wow, didn’t know that. I know Beamer was good at making 2-3 star recruits into good players. Tyrod came my 2nd year and I remember all the anticipation my freshman year since he was a 5 star. Next Mike Vick etc, and he sorts was....I actually had the pleasure of meeting him a few times and tossing a football when I as an RA for the athletic dorm (around when he started during the LSU game). He threw the ball like a bullet. After freshman year the majority of athletes move off campus. I don’t think we had a 5 star recruit since.

If we had a good offensive system in place, so many times we could have made a championship between 2007-2010 years, we had great athletes and a shitty system, and I was hoping that’d change with Fuente but now we have mediocre to below average players ...and a shitty system, terrible recruiting.

Yea, why are we so cheap when it comes to $$$$$ you’d think we have a big athletics program.

Props to milking 6 years at VT.  I fucked up and graduated in 4.  Have regretted it ever since

Edit:  why on earth would this innocuous comment be downvoted?

Yeah, people just like to sling shit at the coaches because they apparently forget that our own players actually play a role in the outcome as well.

seems unlike cornelsen to suddenly decide to do that this game? i was assuming it was coach Kills advice to Fuente maybe.

I took a few semesters off, interned, did some semesters part time and worked part time, took IT classes etc. it’s not a rush. The computer engineering and CS program isn’t easy, a C in one important course could set you back a year. Many dropout, I stuck with it even if it took me longer.

We put in QP at super random times in the few games he played in last year

Your Parents Need to Stop To the student who complained they were cold and their MOM called the dean of students to turn the heat on in west egg, thanks for making the dorm miserable. There’s a reason the heat doesn’t get turned on until the temp drops during the day. Grow up or go home.

Old hokie here, OShag, the heat was so high that during the winter we kept the window open a few inches with the fan on.

I’m a VT parent on that group. It’s an absolute trip.

in my dorm there was a lever on the pipe under the radiator that you could turn on and turn off the heat in your room with. maybe look for that.

I highly doubt the heat was turned on in response to a parent's phone call. Buildings are flipped over from chilled water to steam based on a schedule, not a phone call.  PS- break out your humidifier and leave your window open.

Keep the windows open and the fans. 

You sleep better in a cold room

Last year when I was in the dorms the heat was on all year long and I was dying the entire year. Literally got me sick. You can always wear a sweatshirt or blanket. You can’t take off your skin is the saying I go by.

I'm not sure what type of HVAC system West Egg has, but if it's a regular 2-pipe system (supply/return), the transition from cooling to heating and vice versa is usually done after so many days in a row where ambient temps fall within a certain range.  A phone call doesn't change that because it throws off the entire setup and the last thing maintenance wants is a single building on a different schedule. 

When I lived in Brodie (late 00s) it would get so hot during the winters sometimes that we'd sleep with the windows open and fans going.

That mom will certainly be calling TAs in the future when her kid fucks up in an important class. 

(Don't) Ask me how I know.

But I can all but guarantee the heating was just on a schedule. Maybe there was something wrong in her room, but I doubt it.

I was in Thomas Hall and if you opened the window you would die from Black Lung Disease and also what is AC or Heat? Thomas Hall residents were just supposed to die or something I dunno.

Sometimes all it takes is one complaint from an alum to screw everyone. It’s time be an adult. Take a breather and figure it out yourself.

Fuck until now I only heard about such Karens on r/entitledparents. They are real and can affect us in real lifel!!! Everyone beware of such moms and dads especially if they are on campus

Lol this shit is too good to be true. Thoughts and prayers go out to the kids of these parents.

ig that was a bit much for them to do, but it was a valid concern, the bathrooms were frigid last week. someone even asked in the gc this?? week to turn up the heat lol.

it feels closer to normal now imo + it's been in the 30s-40s all week so if it really feels that hot, we can always open the windows or even turn on an unlimited supply of fans. ig the person who called their parent could always sneak in a heater/heated blanket too but oh well.

&#x200B;

edit: read the "helicopter" parent's post. it doesn't appear like they turned on the heat for the entire dorm, but rather confirmed why the heat wasn't working in that *specific* room. and if the heating was an issue, they would request an investigation into why it wasn't turned on again *for that room*.

&#x200B;

tl;dr: heating never got turned on for the entire dorm just because a parent requested it. maybe fixed for A room but not for all of them.

Think critically for a second, do you truly believe that a single phone call from a non-student would alter the heavily planned out facility management schedule that Virginia tech operates off of and has mastered dialed in over decades? 

The way more plausible answer is that since it is cold outside for most of the day now, the facility managers have made the switch between cold to hot water. Even if it is a little premature in your eyes, these systems require heavy planning and man hours to switch over, it isn’t a simple flip of a switch.

I was able to turn my heat on and off myself.

Perks of lower quad I guess.

[Tap their phone and pull this prank from Real Genius](https://youtu.be/3ZRKW5NT_tQ?t=99)

Open the window and turn on a fan before you complain, at least you have the option of heat if you need it

I live in West egg and it gets pretty toasty in here now if I close the window. Even with it open it’s warm in here.

Sign of the times

I was in slusher (now gone if I recall) and it was hell heat wise (I measured 85F once).  October where it was cool enough to open the window and put a fan in it. I couldn’t imagine needing heat until December

I was on the top floor of Hoge. Same thing, window was open basically all year.

Same thing in Pritchard in 2017

Even older Hokie here, lived in Johnson (right next to O’Shag) for 2 years… windows open year round.

Windows were open year round in O'Shag during my freshman year in 2015.

It’s still the exact same in Hoge last year. The window was never closed because if it was the dorm would legitimately get up to 80+ degrees with exactly zero circulation and my bed just smack dab on top of the continuously pumping heater. Don’t miss it lmao

I’m pretty sure my mother told me stories from that page to prove she’s not as overbearing as I thought she was. And she was goddamn right.

I had to quit following it, the people there are batshit insane.

Anything vaguely maroon is "Hokie colors!"

Can we hear some examples?

Another parent here.  Need a link to check out the crazy!

In Lee (whatever it’s called now), these were behind a false panel in the exterior closet.

It was.  It was posted on the parents FB page.

Yes, really sketchy that this actually happened. I have an office in an academic building and some days I’m burning up and others need a winter jacket. It’s like that every year due to the weather this time of year. I’d guess, even if they said they made a change, that they didn’t indeed change a thing.

That’s 100% what the screenshot posted says, so it’s unclear what this post is even about

The entire value of Blacksburg is a safe haven for 18-25 year olds to get the hell away from their crazy, burnt-out parents. We have to keep them insulated in their NOVA homes and stop the creep. 

The fate of the Free Town depends on it.

Are y’all’s bathrooms actually frigid? The bathrooms were always the hottest part of Hoge cause of the humidity. I’d take a piss and come out sweaty 💀

[here you go](https://imgur.com/a/8TynkeI)

This is the correct answer. A Karen calling did not influence the decision to turn on the heat. The parent says as much in OP's screenshot: "the heat turns on based on outside temperature."

people are still living in the eyesore of slusher

We also could smoke in the rooms. Yes a good change, but crazy to think how things have changed in 20 years.

P.S. “DS” and “DD” stands for Dear Son and Dear Daughter. Makes me want to vomit every time I see it being used

This is an actual post:

Does anyone else clean their entire house when their DS or DD comes home for the weekend?

No? Just me?

Well if you can't tell, I haven't seen her since I dropped her off 8/16 and I am sooooo excited!!!!

Yeah what page is this it sounds like a goldmine

https://www.facebook.com/groups/VirginiaTechParents/

The University posted on the parents' FB page that a parent called the Dean of Students' Office, requested heat be turned on, and the University veered from their set schedule because of the parent's demand?

Or a Karen posted on the parents' FB page that she called the Dean of Students' Office, requested the heat be turned on and--since the heat was turned on (probably on schedule, because temperatures have dropped significantly in the last few days, and not because of said Karen's call)--publicly claimed victory as Karens often do?

I agree with the previous commenter--buildings are flipped over from chilled water to steam based on a schedule, not a phone call. . .and the parent's FB page only shows the perspective of parents, not the university and its operations.

Well if a crazy mom on facebook says it, it must be true. :)

parents FB page truly continues to be a cancer. That page is horrible

Ah, Facebook, the source of the very *truthiest* truths.

LMAO free sauna <33

but yea they areeee, the toilets are literally like cool shocking me like im some sort of chemical experiment. i never consented to be an experiment.

>We also could smoke in the rooms.

We smoked a lot of weed in Main Campbell when I was a freshman back in the 90s.

Who wants to explain this one?

Surprised it wasn’t Pritchard.

You're not you when you're hungry

“I’m not drunk. Watch. I’ll do a cartwheel.”

slushee

as a former slusher resident, pain

They want more SLUSHEEEES

Doesn't look any worse.  Those are the most aesthetically unpleasant building name signs ever.  Who thought putting a grid pattern behind text of the same color would look good?

Iirc, I think VT has already planned to tear down Slusher. So perhaps they decided to start with the sign?

/s

ANARCHY

It's ok if you say it without the hard R

Man. It's really getting antsy over there.

Went overboard on the slusher hall glory hole this year.

I’ve never seen that sign fully intact

Surprise name change

Someone stole the letters off of the PHW sign too

They must’ve accidentally loaded skipper.

Slushers our word, but you can say slusha

My bad

Nice try, Dr. Sands.

I transfer out for a semester and all hell breaks loose smh

Slusher?! I don’t even know her!

When you think your friend is actually gonna jump this time and you need to knock some sense into them...

Someone got carried away with their sledgehammer

I'm sure it's on the cameras.

Wow go fuck yourself, whoever did this

[deleted]

We need more punching bags

I've seen people shoot road sign, but not university signs.

My thoughts exactly

I graduated back in 1998 and even back the Pritchard had that reputation.

Squires satisfies

Former slushe resident*

As a former Payne resident, slusher.

omg right? like ouch my heart!

They are replacing it with a 7/11

It's so people know it's an engineering school

They’re at least more modern looking than the signs they replaced

They are truly, absolutely hideous. The Times New Roman-esque font on the brown bathroom tile is so... so disgusting. Whoever made that stylistic decision should be forced to eat an ENTIRE huge chocolate cake like on Matilda.

I DONT KNOW WHAT IT IS BUT I LOVE IT

yikes

Don’t think there’s a camera over this spot, usually just parking lots.

Your comment history has me genuinely concerned. You view the world in a profoundly negative way. You ok fam?

Pritchard may be trash, but even trash has pride.

Clearly the slusher hall sign satisfies more so

true how dare I

Modern doesn’t mean better.

Being that I'm a freshman I don't remember the old ones. However, does it bother anyone else that they have only partially updated the parking lot permit signs? Some of them are new and look good but some of them are old and look absolutely awful.

Why would they not have a camera at the entrance of a dorm.

Slusher certainly isn't modern.

They don’t, I’ve been there. Just elevators but you would think though!

October 2018 in Merryman Lot

I remember that!! That’s was around the time when hurricane Florence was hitting close to us  I’ve never seen a sky so purple before

That’s a nice sunset.

Some of the best sunsets on earth

The fucking sky is on fire

Wow so many cars

Wow, amazing

I remember this, my freshman year.  It was insane

Dang very pretty

Thank you! I remembered it too and knew it was for some reason, but couldn't remember what was happening at the time.

Shoutout West End lot

They’re roving the ranges.

r/IdiotsInCars

Just saw that 😂😂

Big Mike <3

Modern problems require modern solutions

I believe the words we’re looking for are “douche bag”

A Kia Soul would never be able to perform this kind of maneuver

r/entitledpeople

[deleted]

I'm blessed to be the top post of this reddit...  Because of the basketball game, the lot was full, and I had to park like this.  I do appreciate my fans in the comments...

Too bad he didn’t range the roves

r/badparking

This is more genius than idiot.

Mine would

IIRC that parking spot is only for motorcycles, plus I've seen women park the same way sooo... It's just a jerk thing.

MOTOR  
CYCLE  
PARKING

Just gonna add in my fuck you. Park somewhere else and walk. Thats for motorcycles. Not dickheads.

[deleted]

You had to park there?

r/GeniusesInCars

Once

oof

lane stadium’s clear bag policy

Hokies know the only bag you need to bring to games is your stomach full of loosey juicey

Genius!

Well, it IS 12 x 12! 😆

r/dankmemes pro-hokie confirmed

If what you’ve told me is true, r/dankmemes will have gained my trust

Can u pls give me the link to this comment so that I can upvote "Go Hokies" and downvote "WaH hOo WaH"? Thanks!

Be careful about brigading

I guess that’s a UVA thing?  Never heard of it before so I had to look it up.

I think technically this would be brigading, and it might be against rules even though it's hilarious.

EDIT: I'll add that I speak from experience. I once had my account suspended (or was it called a "ban"?) for a week for brigading. I am very careful not to brigade when I'm going from some political sub to another, but I didn't think about it because it was from madlads or something else like that, and the context was hilarious. I felt really bad about it, and I'm more careful now, so I guess the temp ban worked!

[removed]

[deleted]

Didn’t even know this existed but I fully accept the fallout

It’s their chant.

No brigading please

Thanks! Just got done doing what I needed to do.

it aint much but it’s honest work

for those going to uva game: friendly reminder that anyone (well anyone with a ticket lol) is allowed to sit on the grass “hillside” below the video board. it’s general admission & first come first served, so get there early and you’ll get a great seat!! let’s fill it with hokies!!!

FILL LANE NORTH

It's the North end zone too!

Re-create the NEZ student section complete with Sandman jumping! GO HOKIES!

And fill the rest of the stadium with Hokies! Still plenty of ‘hoos selling their tickets!!!!

Fair warning: that hill is no joke if you are standing the whole game.

Let's take over Wallmart brand Death Valley!

Is it still coat and tie at the UVA games? 

If I recall, it was in the mid-90's.

and we should do a let’s go with the visitor section at the opposite side and absolutely take over their entrance!! show ‘em how it’s done

Remember to be respectful!

[deleted]

LETS GOOO

update this was a horrible idea I left and moved to sit w the marching virginians before end of first quarter bc a drunk uva guy shoved me in to mud lol fuck them up (for context i’m a 23 year old girl and he was a drunk college guy and he was blackout but shoved me enough to almost knock me down and his friends cheered!!)

Honestly, if I were to be a magic architect, I would push pack SEZ and put a grassy area for GA for all. Lots of football stadiums have it and imo there’s nothing better than sitting on a picnic blanket watching football on a nice day

definitely!! we usually bring a towel or blanket to sit on during pregame / half time but it can get pretty muddy and gross. also their drunk students (and alumni lol) are obnoxious but fortunately our football team and the scoreboard speak louder than them

Yeah seems like an awful place to watch a game

"The Terrible Dome"

"Lame Stadium"

only the older alum (classes of 90s and before) still do that; apparently al groh didn’t like that and tried to end it during his time as head coach

We’re gonna have that stadium taken over anyways. I wouldn’t worry about it. They tried to keep us out with that extra 100 dollar cost for tickets but I’ve known people who go a group of 10-20 people and bought those tickets and paid an extra 5-10 bucks a piece

uva students don’t need tickets they just show their student id to get in. unfortunately everyone who isn’t a uva student needs to buy a ticket, which this year to get a “home field advantage” they are making you donate $100 to the uva athletic fund to get a ticket. from uva box office it is $60 per ticket but you must donate $100. however that $100 is good for up to 6 tickets so split evenly only about $16 each. other way to get a ticket is stubhub but those are $100 at the very least, closer to $140 and stubhub has insane fees, usually 40%ish of the list price. they’re doing their very best to keep us out but it won’t work!!!

that would be great. at military bowl last year we bought ticket for the hill at navy stadium and we had a great time (even though it was pouring). 

I also think that the fortress that is sands’ suite as well as the other booths in west take away so much seating. if they’d built up west as much as east there would be so many more seats

Great, it looked cool but it really sucked sweltering it out in a blue blazer with my date the one year I went.

It was coat and tie at the Hokie games in Miles Stadium when my dad, class of 1960, was at VT.

they’re really just hurting themselves because tech fans will complain and be unhappy but we’re still going. they can’t even fill the stadium on a normal game day, let alone with their obnoxious uva tax. I suppose we will see friday

The military bowl was an experience, I may have complained about the cold and rain in the moment but I wouldn’t trade it for anything. It was my first attended bowl game and I loved it (despite the loss!) If the rain was warmer, I would have been right with those people going mud sliding.

It was coat and tie at nearly every college and pro game in the 60s

Congratulations From Mack!

**Petition link:** http://chng.it/TBKGCwRT 

Edit2: Holy crap, guys! As of this edit, 77 signatures! LET'S GO HOKIES! 

&#x200B;

If there is anyone from Tech's administration out there - - if y'all don't give this man a full ride through school, (if he wants it of course) then I'm ashamed to be a Hokie. He embodies everything we value and stand for. He is a ray of happiness that helps us push through.

If we have to make a petition, I'm down to sign it.

You're the man, Mack. I'm gonna miss your positivity and good vibes. Keep making a difference out there :)

The post was worth the wait. Keep it up Mack 👊

ugh we love Mack :’) 💛💛😤😤🌸🌸

MACK!!! THE BOYYY!!  so full of positivity and kindness (:

I was going to try and say hey one least time before graduating but I didn't run into you again before Qdoba closed for the semester. So I'll just say here: thanks for livening up Qdoba and adding some much needed positivity to so many people's days. Keep being awesome.

PLP! Wish this awesome dude was around when I was at tech. Does anyone know if joe still works at D2? He was at the card swipe counter most days a couple of years ago

Thank you Mack!

Thank you Mack!

Mack refers to himself in the third person.

Yo u really bout to make me cry man, this is unbelievable! I appreciate this so much! Even if it doesn't fall through I greatly appreciate the attempt! 👊🏽👊🏽👊🏽

Do it

I can't stop thinkin about this! I gotta thank you in person!

I can't stop thinkin about this! I gotta thank you in person!

I can't stop thinkin about this! I gotta thank you and whoever else in person!

Is he the guy that reads your hokie passport for your name to wish you a good day? If that’s who you’re talking about then yeah he’s still there

[deleted]

> Do it

I read that in Shev Palpatine's voice.

> Do it

I read that in Sheev Palpatine's voice.

> Do it

I read that in Sheev Palpatine's voice.

> Do it

I read that in Sheev Palpatine's voice.

> Do it

I read that in Sheev Palpatine's voice.

I can't stop thinkin about this! I gotta thank you in person!

If anyone is looking for a cleaner April 16 remembrance ribbon - here's one I made

I cannot believe it’s been twelve years. One one hand it seems like yesterday. On the other, it feels like a lifetime ago.

well done, thank you.

Never Forget 🧡🦃

Ut Prosim

Today we are all Hokies

I'm curious if there was anyone from here that was on campus the day of the shooting. If so, would anyone mind sharing their story?

Don't be like me I'm sure this is common sense but I know there's gonna be at least one person that will repeat what I did and needs to hear this. Go to class. Do your work. You have nothing else to do in Blacksburg during the week so you might as well do your school work to stay occupied. I graduated with a 2.2 and 0 internships which made it hell to finally end up with a job post grad this summer. I'm talking hundreds and hundreds of rejections until one finally clicked. The amount of stress it put on me to finally get a job was insane. Make it easy on yourself and just do your work it's very worth it in the long run and can set you up very well for graduate programs in the future.

[deleted]

What did you study and what exactly did you do wrong? Any tips on getting internships?

Some additional advice. As bullshitty as “networking” comes off, loose connections are what usually get you jobs and make you successful. You can’t apply to jobs you don’t know about. Maybe a classmate, a friend’s parent, or your professor can help you get an interview and then you have to take it from there. As you get older, continue to network at your company and in your field. I have done very well because A) I work for it but B) I am *well known* for doing good work and getting things done. It makes getting promotions easier when those making the decision aren’t thinking “who is this guy? And what work has he done?”

The subject of your degree matters.

I graduated with a 3.89, excellent job experience and internships, and it still took me 10 months and 50+ rejections to find a job

I was also a terrible student. I let myself get too distracted by video games and online communities around them. I nearly quit school on a couple of occasions because the dissonance of it all caused me to be incredibly unhappy.

I did graduate in four years but with some kind of C average for in-major classes. It was ultimately a waste of time and money because companies that hire the recently graduated only want the brightest and most go-getterest folks. I too had no connections due to all that previous slacking, so I had to get lucky and fall into a local startup that was owned by a couple of VT graduates.

If I could redo it all, I'm not sure I would've even bothered with VT. I might've gone to VCU or perhaps some trade school instead. 🤷‍♀️

Networking+internships>>perfect GPA (unless you’re premed)

I agree, I missed so much class and wasted so much money. I wish I had utilized all the resources available to me when I was at Tech. I can’t say that I had difficulty finding work, but I don’t exactly work in a job I’d like to have been in and wish I had focused on some of the right courses instead of easy things so I could qualify for jobs I’m more passionate about. It’s so much harder going back to school once you’re out.

I graduated with a 2.7 gpa last spring. I just got a raise to $110,000 in my first job after a year. GPA does not matter. And no it’s not a nepotism job, no I’m not in CS, no I dont live in the Bay Area. I’m just good at what I do

Do your work and worry about your grades some but I'm here to tell you that the employment market - especially in technology - sucked especially badly this spring.

I learnt this the hard way too - 3.8 cgpa, deans list, engineering but 3 yrs wasted trying to look for work. Ended up doing retail in the meantime just to support myself. I didn’t do internships because I took summer classes and I’ve always thought I’s go back to my home country so it didn’t matter. Please put yourself out there and network.

Join a design team if you’re in engineering. Gives tons of experience and if your team gets sponsored you can get opportunity to speak directly with recruiters about soon to be open positions and skip the line basically.

i truly wish you the best human from reddit. job hunt is some of the worst rejection and it wears you down. believe in yourself and dont let it get to your head when they say you “dont have the credentials” because you are smart and you have them, its just gonna take time to work up the shitpole of corporate america. 

But also, it really can come down to interviewing. use the school resources for interview prep. PRACTICE your answers. know your stories and your script, its a sales pitch, you gotta sell your self.

Homie in from Blacksburg there’s a ton of shit to do during the week 😭

Here to emphasize networking. 

I majored in neuroscience and graduated during covid with 3.64, but I got a job in a lab right after graduation because 1) I had research experience as an undergrad and 2) I got to know my professors and got letters of recommendation from them. 
I still keep in touch with most of them, still ask for advice and letters of rec, and I update them on my successes bc they invested time in me and therefore they wanna see me succeed. 

Also, use your friendships and class connections. I’ve asked former classmates for advice on careers and getting into grad school, and I’ve helped others with the same thing. When people genuinely like you they’re gonna be willing to help you, so join clubs or extracurriculars as much as you can, and reciprocate the favors when possible.

My SO majored in chemistry and struggled as well. Was working nights for $22 an hour as a technician for LabCorp. Was not worth it, half his coworkers went to technical school and didn’t have bachelors. Overall chemistry only seems worth it if you’re going to get a masters or doctorate and/or go on to medicine.

Assuming it’s not engineering but I would assume any other major means having a low GPA will be very tough for job prospects 

My advice (as someone who had a 2.1 GPA after the first semester and finished with a 3.0) is 
1. Go to class
2. Find a study partner 
3. Don’t study in your dorm, force yourself to walk to the library or Torg 
4. Use your professors to your advantage, they are nice people and want to help you and nobody talks to them. The people who actually do are getting A’s

Other than that, know people. A 3.0 GPA still isn’t that impressive as a finance major but I was lucky I made connections with people in my fraternity and people outside of Tech by reaching out either cold email or LinkedIn. People like to help others if they have the power to, it’s up to you if you want it badly enough. A good enough connection is better than a 4.0 GPA in most cases

I got mine by chatting with engineer at the career fair. I thanked him for his time and gave him my resume, he contacted me a semester later asking me for interview. (Knew a classmate who worked with him, which he really liked)

HI! Sorry saw this late, but I was a Statistics major going down the data analyst route. I just didn't spend enough time at all on tests/homework and would brush off assignments for no reason. Attendance was another huge factor. It lets you to get to know your professor and classmates which are the 2 most important resources for success in a class imo. As far as an internship I honestly can't give too much advice since i didn't have one lol but just apply and apply to everything you see no matter the company or if you think your qualifications "don't meet their requirements". If you're a CS/CMDA major, hackathons are amazing and companies genuinely recruit a lot out of them.

This this this. Have constantly gotten this advice since entering the work force

Sure but it's still going to be difficult getting a job at a career fair with a 2.2 GPA even if you're in CS or another engineering. There's plenty of candidates with better grades and internships so why should they hire you?

Gonna be honest it didn’t matter for me at all lol

I was a statistics major heading into data analyst roles

What major?

Haha a terrible market all around but hope all is good for you now with a job you're happy with!

I feel you, I had a lot of missed classes because I had to commute to northern virginia quite a bit but look at us now! VT grads with jobs in our field so can't dwell on the past too much right?

GPA doesn’t matter to some extent. It seems like the reason he wasn’t getting calls was his lack of internship experience which would matter most to an employer.

GPAs CAN and often DO matter, but they matter less as your resume grows.

If I am looking at two resumes of recent grads with the same degree that have no other relevant work experience (such as an internship in the field) all I have to go by are the names of their schools and their GPAs.  Why would I not pick the higher GPA, unless it is some shady ass online school?

If you want your GPA to not matter, or at least matter less, fill your resume with other things.  Internships, your own relevant projects; something that makes you not just a number.  Do that and you can probably leave your GPA off your resume entirely and they might not even ask you about it.  Then after ~5+ years your GPA won't matter anymore at all.

what was ur major

It's definitely possible. Either you know someone that can help you bypass the career fair recruiter or you can somehow wow a hiring manager so much they don't bother asking about GPA or maybe you find a job at a not-so competitive employer that's willing to give you a shot. I ended up doing internships at my parents' jobs which definitely helped because no one asked about my crummy GPA. However, I did once have the president of some electronic bus fare terminal company calling me up begging me to come do an internship with them. I turned it down because I would have had to pay rent but that was really interesting. I doubt many people applied with them because they weren't some big name like Cisco so they were getting low tier candidates.

What did you major in?

I'd say a bad GPA doesn't matter in the long run, but a good GPA gives you such a head start over others and really jumpstarts your career. But congrats on the raise hope to be there in a couple years myself!

GPAs certainly do matter but they are not definitive. A good GPA but poor soft skills will be hard to find employment. A bad GPA is not insurmountable.

"Hey, I had a bad GPA and got a decent job" doesn't exactly translate to "GPA does not matter."

Any design teams or clubs for industrial design majors

fucking your cousin and going to cook out at 2AM isn't normal for most

[deleted]

This is a random question, but any advice for cold emailing? I've considered it multiple times but not sure how to go about it

I’d even just stick to #1. Go to class. 

If you don’t skip and pay attention, I guarantee it will actually be difficult to do poorly. You’ll naturally meet study partners and the professor will be gracious if you end up needing it on any assignments.

You’re not getting your job at the career fair. If you have a 2.2 GPA you will be either starting your own company or networking the hell out of yourself.

I can because I'm old (compared to most of y'all, anyway), and you regret everything as you age. I went to Tech before social media and the iPhone, and I was on campus (albeit far away) during the shooting. I was underpaid for a long time and even now I'm still below the median. Part of that's my fault, though, as job loyalty is no longer rewarded. You have to hop every year or two to actually get raises anymore, and I'm too lazy or perhaps too stupid to bother. Still, had I not sucked ass as a student, made connections, and done an internship, I could've started out at the salary I'm at now. I'd have a *lot* more money by now, so, yeah, it's easy to dwell.

I’m not saying it’s a one size fits all recipe but generally speaking, social skills are the most important part. Internships are second

Mechanical engineering. I work for an electrical contractor in construction

Being real here. I don’t know anybody who put their gpa on their resume. Hiring managers don’t care about it. Massive tech companies care because they get tons of applicants and use it as a filter. Mid sized companies couldn’t care less. Your experience is what they care about

I didn’t even put my gpa on my resume

Sure it does. I’m living evidence. Most of my friends didn’t put their gpa on their resume either

You don’t deserve to be a Hokie. Go back to your helicopter mom in Jersey and transfer to Rutgers.

Nah, that would be Radford

Uh maybe hiking McAfee’s, dragons tooth?

Bro relax😭

Rip

In another thread people said they'd never even heard of Mike's Grill. In a few years VT students won't even remember Sub Station II existed. :(

*Lost in time, like tears in rain...*

Press F to pay respects.

I thought about taking the same picture today. 

RIP

Why did they close? They were always busy just a few years ago

I wish it was all just a dream. Stayed in Blacksburg to go on its last day. Hoping it doesn’t become desperately overpriced student housing…

Cuckoos Nest :)

Meanwhile OP is just casually taking a picture across the field that was the dorm I lived in for 3 of 4 years lol.

RIP Monteith

I'm not crying

Was this the zaxbys? 😭😭

you guys talk of Mikes.. what about bojos or the underground or the TEX frat that burned down.. The alpha Rho Chi frat house I lived in… lol you are all so young

The first time I visited bburg I went to Mike's for lunch and got a $4 burger in an empty restaurant.

Mike’s. Little Doc’s. Morgan’s. Sub Station II, Arnold’s, Backstreets, College Inn. I’m a goddamned Almanac!

Who remembers it when it was Baskin Robbins?

Well, how many of you ever ate a Stromboli from Backstreets?

I’ve never been to Sub station II. Also is that a Blade Runner reference?

What exists where mikes place was?

Hasn’t heard about mikes. Bummer

That will always be Cockoo’s Nest to me.

CBEOP

The Golden Gobbler

Officially they say the owner is retiring, and this place is also owned by the owner. The chain is considering finding a new place nearby since this location was one of the best performing.

I heard someone offered to buy the building for a dollar figure nearly impossible to turn down.

“You know where McDonald’s is? Yeah I live right next to it”

I thought it was lowkey an unintentionally beautiful picture though, with the skies and grass etc

Thanks - my 2001 grad self was like "this vantage doesn't seem right." But couldn't figure out why. I go way back with Sub Station II and Baskin Robbins though. As a kid my dad worked in Randolph and that was our regular lunch spot when I got to hang out with him.

If you don’t know what this building was, it’s not too late to drop out

tell me more about old vt lore

I know like they just recently graduated high school or something lolol

Fuck, I didn’t even realize The Underground closed. Maybe it just went further underground.

Gumby pizza

Man, Backstreets was the shit. I forgot what it was called but it was basically their version of a supreme pizza, and it was just fantastic.

Such a shame cool places like that keep getting replaced by generic chains.

Don’t forget Ton-80 and Pedro’s!

Bogen's

Mr. Fooz

I would kill for Backstreets to come back.

Wait, Baskin Robbins is gone, too? (They coexisted when I was there.)

They were both in the same building.   Baskins on one side, substation on the other.

It is, Roy Batty says it

Maroon Door, which also bought the neighboring place and combined them.

Dude the owner could make one last huge paycheck selling it to sub station to just re-open it right there

Makes sense

Yeah Monteith and Thomas got knocked down after the 2 new cadet dorms were done so just extra green space now. Which is nice but does make me miss those shitholes too lol

I don’t go to VT, I just use to paint their buildings lol been a few years since I’ve been in BB

[deleted]

with their Afroman signature.

I believe Gumby’s was AFTER me. I am talking late 80s here.

Backstreets was good.  


Also have many fond memories of Bogens, including their VirginiaTech-opoly menu.

Ton-80 yes! I might have missed Pedro’s. But there was Macado’s and a place called Hulio’s.

Yes, that was the place. It was right near King Video (pretty sure anyway).

I’ll bet they don’t serve burgers

Sunset on a summer campus

The smoke from the wildfires in the west are really making the sky pretty

This is a cool POV that doesn't pop up often.

Hope you don't mind, using this as a wallpaper, really like the sky hue in this!

Beautiful photo!

Nice pic but serious question: Do only athlete dorms have AC? How it was in my day.

Ofc go ahead. I can also send you a high quality version if you like

How’s that related to this lol. But no, many more dorms have AC’s

I'm going to go ahead and be shameless and ask, "could please send me a copy of the HQ version as well?"

Can I get a “Let’s go!”

"Hokies!"

That first game is gonna be one of the loudest games in Lane Stadium history. Evening game with a big release of energy from 2 years without Lane

Hell yeah you love to see it

It's wild to me that anything related to COVID inspires either "there isn't and never was any danger" or "wow this is the new holocaust" and very little in between.

Personally I think this is a sensible change made at a defensible time. :)

Does anyone know if tickets will be on sale again? Someone said they will open it once more and it’s my last year so I’m really trying not to have to try my luck w buying from freshman

Fuck yea

Start Jumping!

I pull up

Gotta love it we gonna light it up against UNC

Will you be able to purchase student season tickets again this summer?

Thank goodness for this.
But here’s a brain teaser for ya.  3 weeks before this happens, there will be distanced, COVID measured, including virtual, orientation and move-in activities.  Then there will be this on September 3rd.  Why is the whole school not operating normally, why the virtue signaling from the academic side?

Question for anyone scrolling through the comments section who knows, are vaccines *mandatory* for in class attendance next semester?

Also does anyone know if you’re a senior and bought season tickets, do you get north end zone for every game?

[deleted]

should have been 100% last year. but better late than never. GO HOKIES!!

They will not let safety get in the way of money.

This should be consider a crime against humanity. Going to love seeing Blacksburg become a Covid hotspot!!! This dangers people like me who can’t get vaccinated because of religion

This does put a smile on my face 

r/cfbmemes
r/Americanpride 

College football is an American tradition

let's fucking goooooooooooo

As a 2021 alumni, I can’t wait to see you all there! LETS GO…

Very true, I’m sure an older townie will end up writing a viral Facebook post about how the noise gave her dogs anxiety and that no fans was better

Lottery usually won me at least 50% of the games I entered

I think it’s late July, let me find the exact dates for you

Hi!  Individual tickets (non student tickets) go for sale July 20th

some virtue signaling, some of the fact that orientation costs money if people are on campus, less-so if not. I know that winter commencement ceremonies are paid for by the alumni foundation and spring commencement was paid for by them this year rather than the university—hence sands not being present for anything—it really sounds costs related. Obviously the AD has to cover costs and cannot do that without football, whereas the President/Provost can do whatever tf they want in the immediate and still make the same money (neglecting alumni satisfaction and future donation)

You're not wrong, but also keep in mind that NOT going to a football game as a spectator won't have much of an impact on your life, but missing one or more semesters of classes because your high risk or whatever is a different story.  

I still believe you are correct that there is some hypocritical thinking here, but it's also kind of apples and oranges.  A recreational activity vs an education.

Yes except for those claiming exemptions, such as for health or religious reasons, etc.

Yes they sent an email a few days ago

For what it's worth, I heard from someone that their religious exemption was accepted without any questions.

It’s general admission now, so if you want north end zone you’ll just have to be quicker than others

Cringe

I mean all students will be vaxxed, and everyone else will have had plenty of time to get vaxxed too... sounds pretty safe to me.

Most of us are vaccinated and many more will be by then... Cases are down in the U.S., even in places with open stadiums.

COVID is over sorry pal

“People should continue to halt their lives and cater to my needs rather than vice versa!!1!1”

Bro chill tf out, COVID is over.

Preach!

That’d be my sister.

Even not as a freshman? Also do you remember how to do that cause it’s been a year and I forgot how

Thank you, I’m vaccinated but a friend of mine asked so I had to verify

Correction: all students who do not claim exemption will be vaxxed.

So no more masks, restrictions or weird schedules for public schools?

Pretty sure its a troll

it’s random and has no advantage based on class, so ya even not as a freshman.

You can enter as long as you don’t have season tickets: https://tickets.hokiesports.com/student/lottery/signup.php

Pretty sure its all been repealed for the time being. If some mutant vaccine-resistant variant comes back, imagine it will go back into lockdown.

I appreciate you homie <3

Tech be like

I really hate that VT was just perfectly summed up by some titok.

So are we going back?

yes, but also no, but also yes, and no

not sure what’s worse, being in college right now or just graduating and having to find a job during the SECOND once-in-a-lifetime economic collapse (housing market and COVID) we’ve seen in 10 years...

seriously, I’m not sure what’s worse they both are terrible

I am so glad I am not in school at any level right now or have kids. Everything about schooling right now seems like hell.

Same. If I was a student in college right now, I’d seriously consider taking the semester or year off or doing it at community college. 

My sisters have 5 and 6 year olds so they’re looking at like once a week elementary school in the fall. Total nightmare and I’m glad it’s not my nightmare!

Took the words right out of my mouth.

Duck Pond on my way home from work

I miss the duck pond. I can’t believe it’s been 5 years since VT. I’d love to live in Blacksburg again.

Ducks!

Time to update the sidebar pic!

Stop Pissing on Local Businesses If you’re out partying, you’ve clearly been to a bar or house. Use the bathroom there. Don’t urinate or vomit on small businesses’ private property (including employee entrances) as if it belongs to you. If you have an issue with restroom availability in Downtown Blacksburg, email the town.
In many instances YOU ARE ON CAMERA…

And LADIES—you are the worst. We’ve had four so far tonight drop pants ON CAMERA inches from our door. Be better, VT.

I honestly thought the phrase pissing on businesses in the title was a euphemism before reading the rest of the post.

Some girl shit on the floor at Centros couple months ago…

I work downtown and have have to tell people like 4 times a week "please don't piss on our restaurant". 
I guess as long as nobody does it in the post office parking lot the cops will never see

Fun fact: public urination is the only misdemeanor that will put you on the SOR. I imagine police in a college town don't have time to try and arrest everyone doing that though. I'll just stick to the pubs and go to bed at 11pm.

On a routine basis I ponder the best space to post an open letter to current VT parents informing them they failed to teach their children how to act, how to drive, and how to interact with / pay attention to their surroundings. Let alone handle their own business as adults (i.e. calling your own landlord maintenance for repairs or talking to your own professors or advisors). Too frequently I hear of another parent acting as their adult child's secretary. 

I do also realize many of the students are fine young and well intentioned individuals. It's the assholes that are most visible.

VT campus is so clean and upscale. 
Everyone should be proud of it and do their part to keep it up. Please Don’t turn it into a typical America city scene.

I’d show the video and embarrass them. They deserve it 🤷🏻‍♀️

Maybe a VT shame page. I need entertainment while I drink my morning coffee

I mean I’m not gonna piss on the business per say but if there’s a conveniently located bush that’s kinda tempting

Piss where you want, it's a free country! #FreeThePiss

Small business propaganda

Ok but to be fair ladies literally can’t pee outdoors without dropping their pants- I take issue with you implying “women peeing are worse than men peeing” especially when it’s a lot easier for men to wrongfully urinate in public places and get away with it. Statistically men are much more likely to do this. If you saw 4 women pee on camera imagine how many more men peed in public that night.

[removed]

Post the videos or it didn’t happen

You should post the videos on Pornhub some guys including a former POTUS are into that kind of thing. ROFL

Post which businesses you are watching girls with cameras drop pants.  POS

Wish it was.

same

We've all been there

[deleted]

I have contemplated starting a “is this your child?” Webpage for a few years.  😂

Try the VT parents pages on Facebook.

"clean and upscale" have you ever seen center street the day during/after a home game my guy

#PrivateProperty

No one wants to clean up after college students, but that is what happens in this town. Trash in neighborhoods from people heading home from parties is annoying. Clearly we need a website to post camera footage on.

He’s implying he saw more women piss don’t trip anyone pissing in public is nasty

Men pee in bushes and more concealable places

Homie has never felt the touch of a woman

Looks like *someone* slept through the presentation on consent at orientation...

Which president?

I guess it's not true for every state

They are required to have that place cleaned up within like 24 hours though. Its not like it just lingers there

Not yet

VT parents facebook group

My exact point is that women cannot easily hide peeing in public while it’s very easy for men to do so. Therefore he only saw the women peeing, but he didn’t see the men who were also peeing in public.

To be fair, we only have to hide one side of our body and can at least try to be nonchalant while in the act. Women are not so lucky. There's no hiding the squat unless you're inside a bush

There is no expectation of privacy when in public.

The fuck does this have to do with consent. Not only did the business not consent to being pissed on, but they also did it in public, where there is zero expectation of privacy? They’re a sex offender, not a victim lmao

[removed]

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4\_Gf0mGJfP8](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4_Gf0mGJfP8)

[deleted]

they'd never approve the post. They want to micromanage everything about their kids' college experience but they don't want to know when they do anything wrong.

  
"Kids will be kids!"

I'm pretty sure they would ban you for that. If you could get in at all.

You really think squatting vs standing makes that much of a difference? It’s fucking obvious for both genders lmfao 

Regardless though, turning this into a sexism issue and using it to shit on men instead of just acknowledging pissing in public is disgusting is a WILD take

Exactly the point I was making! Not sure how everyone else missed it!

Which is why the businesses can film, but absolutely does not allow uploading of lewd content online without consent

Zero privacy allows the filming, but definitely not the uploading.

Straight from the lion's mouth: https://help.pornhub.com/hc/en-us/articles/4419871787027-Non-Consensual-Content-Policy

>The recording or distribution of intimate images... without someone’s consent is a violation of that person’s privacy and is a severe violation of our Terms of Service, and is strictly prohibited.

...but they certainly haven't missed too many presentations from /r/foxnews lately. Gosh, with a few more years difference I would have thought I was reading a post from /r/boomersbeingfools

Take your hateful ass and fuck off, then, you’re not welcome here anymore 

Swear you’re the type to see ONE gay person who isn’t scared shitless to have it be known, and flip out over it being shoved down your throat

Yeah man. 8 years of a lie generated by the Clinton campaign. I was really hoping that wasn't what you were referencing. Look at the Mueller report. No evidence of anything from the Steele Dossier being true.

Arizona, California, Connecticut, Idaho, Kentucky, Georgia, Massachusetts, Michigan, New Hampshire, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Utah, and Vermont  
[https://www.hrw.org/report/2007/09/11/no-easy-answers/sex-offender-laws-us#\_ftn109](https://www.hrw.org/report/2007/09/11/no-easy-answers/sex-offender-laws-us#_ftn109)

VT Women’s Basketball ascends to #4 in AP Poll. The highest ranking in program history!

Great chance to be a #1 see in the NCAAs - GO HOKIES!

Freaking awesome. So excited for these tournament games.

Awesome job ladies and Coach Brooks!

Let's GOOOooooOoo!!!!

I think we should. They were showing the other teams in contention for the final #1 seed and our resume seems way better than theirs.

Cassell Coliseum, but in Minecraft

Ok ok heck yea. Should I post my Burrus?

My two lives are fusing together. VT and minecraft. My worst nightmare 😭😭 on a real note, it looks pretty good

Damnn, what's next? Are you gonna build the whole campus? (including all of the construction?)

Pretty good, but the T on the court is vertical instead of diagonal. Gonna have to dock you some points

[deleted]

Yes!

11-6?

stfu

Black Bear spotted on campus between WAJ and Cochrane. VTPD informed. Enter Bearman

Mans was just tryna get an education and grab some West End :(

That’s dope, yet terrifying at the same time. Black Bears are pretty chill though, just don’t try and fuck with it.

Better footage:
https://imgur.com/a/FPiLyGO

Are pet bears allowed at Terrace View? Asking for a friend

He’s doing his best ok

In my backyard in Blacksburg.... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zRjstJ5TVws

It wouldn't be the first one to escape lol

Which bear is best?
Fact : Black Bear

Bears live all around the NRV and that part of the state. Some of them are monitored and have trackers installed. If you ever go hiking, you’ve probably been near one. They don’t want interaction with you. So if you see one, keep moving toward a safe place. Don’t stand around where it can see you. Call someone immediately and move away from it as far as possible.

He just wanted to venmo for a swipe

I'll sponsor a $200 shopping spree at DX for anyone who can successfully wrestle it before midnight. PM me.

Edit: I'm serious.

Just let the poor thing play in the ball pit ffs

^(Hi, I'm a bot for linking direct images of albums with only 1 image)

**https://i.imgur.com/WbtBuqh.mp4**

^^[Source](https://github.com/AUTplayed/imguralbumbot) ^^| ^^[Why?](https://github.com/AUTplayed/imguralbumbot/blob/master/README.md) ^^| ^^[Creator](https://np.reddit.com/user/AUTplayed/) ^^| ^^[ignoreme](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=imguralbumbot&subject=ignoreme&message=ignoreme) ^^| ^^[deletthis](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=imguralbumbot&subject=delet%20this&message=delet%20this%20f02slj8)

Khabib Nurmagomedov

I’ll wrestle with the cub. The mother is the one to be scared of.

Is that still there?!

Nice

Wrestling any wild animal, especially bears of any age, is just a stupid proposition all around.

Had to throw a hail Mary but still got the upvotes nice

[deleted]

Not even just that, but the person will get their shit pushed in. Bears especially will fuck your shit up if you mess with them. Some will even if you don't

[deleted]

#BearButtStuff2019

Hey I don't want anything bad to happen to either. Leave wildlife alone and no one gets hurt, human or bear

My gf screamed “Hokie Bird” instead of my name in bed? My gf screamed “Hokie Bird” instead of my name in bed?

So my girl is applying to VT this year and has been talking about it nonstop for weeks. She’s been wanting this for as long as she’s known the school and mentions it anytime we’re together.

I’m totally cool with that and have supported her through it all. She definitely has the stats to get in so I’m proud of her, but its an insane obsession now. She’s visited the school about 6 times and says how much she loves everything about the school and I mean EVERYTHING.

The campus, programs, people, architecture, history, traditions, colors, mascot, shape, smell?

She literally knows everything about the school and does Virginia Tech trivia with me when we’re bored or asks me to help her write emails to professors she thinks she’ll have next year to tell them how much she “loves” their work.

Last night we were doing it in bed, and everything was going smoothly. While she talked me through it I thought I heard her mumbling but couldn’t really make out what she was saying. But at the end she screamed “Hokie Bird!” and calling it baby and was saying how much she wanted it so bad and would do anything for it. Instead of my name! She said Hokie Bird!

I asked her about it after and she told me it didn’t mean anything and just kept rambling about how much she really wants the school. It doesn’t even sound like she’s talking about a school mascot anymore.

I know she’s stressed because of it, but I’m kind of hurt? Is this normal?

Yes. Go Hokies.

Yup! We all (s)cream “Hokie Bird”

This is normal. You have a keeper.

When my wife and I are intimate we like to set the mood with the romantic sounds of Metallica. Then there she is, in nothing but an Orange Effect shirt from 2007. We start off with alittle foreplay: the hokie pokie of sorts. Then its time for the big show. I start pounding it harder than Lee Suggs on the goal line. As the excitement is near its peak, she sets me over the edge and starts shaking her keys. And what a key play it is. We're both screaming for hokie bird now. It ends with a fire of the canon and fire works. Then she screams out as if Mike Burnip and Bill Roth just witnessed Tyrod beat Nebraska. "He did it, he did it, Mikey!" We cuddle as the Tech Triumph plays.

"Sir, another copypasta has hit the Virginia Tech subreddit."

Totally normal. You’ll just have to accept that as a Hokie

Just wait until she's at the point of climax and ends with

"Go Tech!"

"Go Tech!"

"H-O-K-I-E-S, Hokies!"

Gobble gobble

Go hokies!

Does the Hokie Bird scream their own name when they masturbate

For those who have passed, for those to come, reach for excellence. 🥲

Next time you have sex, play Metallica’s Enter Sandman song. The VT football team comes out of the locker room to that song. It’ll blow her mind.

If this were real, he'd go limp without explanation prior and never finish the big game. I say this as a C/O 97 VT Alum.

/s

As a brand nerd, it's "[HokieBird](https://brand.vt.edu/licensing/university-trademarks.html)", but I'm a nerd -- as I pointed out.

Is that why they are called Chokies?

LOL, same post with different school over at r/UVA

[deleted]

Bruh. No words.

Why does every college forum have this copy and pasted

She wants to have sex with a castrated Turkey?

Common tactical flare w

LOL

No. We scream "Horse on a treadmill" thank you.

Stick it in, stick it in, stick it in.

I know that this is supposed to be satire but at the same time, this hits shockingly close to home.

Maybe it's the 2007 Orange Effect shirt bit. I think my wife still has hers in a bin somewhere.

I prefer the  Bill Roth call on the Deangelo Hall fumble recovery against Miami in '03: "Give it to me, Roscoe.  Give it to me..."

Hell yea, I would know because that's how I lost the job!

Here it is...

'the grounds' ... please.

So my girl is applying to transfer to UVA this year and has been talking about it nonstop for weeks. She’s been wanting this for as long as she’s known the school and mentions it anytime we’re together.

I’m totally cool with that and have supported her through it all. She definitely has the stats to get in so I’m proud of her, but its an insane obsession now. She’s visited the school about 6 times and says how much she loves everything about the school and I mean EVERYTHING.

The Grounds, programs, people, architecture, history, traditions, colors, mascot, shape, smell?

She even told me I would look hotter if I dressed more like thomas jefferson? What do you guys think that means??

She literally knows everything about the school and does UVA trivia with me when we’re bored or asks me to help her write emails to professors she thinks she’ll have next year to tell them how much she “loves” their work.

Last night we were doing it in bed, and everything was going smoothly. While she talked me through it I thought I heard her mumbling but couldn’t really make out what she was saying. But at the end she screamed “Wahoowa!” and was talking to “her little thomas jefferson.” She said she wanted to be at his school so bad and would do anything for it. Instead of my name! She said Wahoowa!

I asked her about it after and she told me it didn’t mean anything and just kept rambling about how much she really wants the school. It doesn’t even sound like she’s talking about a school anymore.

I know she’s stressed because of it, but I’m kind of hurt? Is this normal?

https://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=copypasta

Horse on a treadmill is still a thing? Or are we showing our age?

I scream “Otter Sandman”

The “no talking” rule?

imagine reading the whole post and going "wait a minute, you STOLE this"

Horse on a treadmill is fucking eternal.

I had this exact thought....

Wasn't it just like 2 years ago? Oh.....

Can't stop this offense

Only the chokies could blow a 21-3 lead like that. Ugh, hopefully we can still beat UVA...

Make that 1 touchdown

It's like some of those guys have never played football before and don't know what to do.

Pry texted Fuente
"I got you Tonight"

3010

the only thing I care about

Holy crap make that 2

Fuente never blew a lead that big.

WHAT THE HELL IS HAPPENING

Really?

Fuente choked more games against inferior opponents than you could imagine. Its the whole reason why he was fired. Our schedule is always weak

They came back from halftime and it seems both teams remembered what an offense is lol

#LET’S GO

E: fuck

No he didn't. But okay

[deleted]

Must be blatant trolling, nice job.

Fuente’s clock/game management cost of several losses over the years. 

2019: ND, UVA, UK 

2020: Liberty and Miami

2021: ND, Cuse

We pissed away so many late leads against very winnable opponents the past couple years under Fuente.

[deleted]

I swear to god, if Black drops this ball one more time…..

Lol. They were missing 21 players that liberty game. And you're listing games that he gave up with only a possession lead.  He never blew a 18 point lead in the third quarter like pry just did.

[deleted]

New dating meta

[deleted]

Around 1992 I had a drunk guy pull a shotgun on me in that Hardee’s drive thru .. good times

Well, I mean, you can get your SO a delicious ham and cheese combo, and then a box of Magic the Gathering from Fun and Games just around the corner. I'd say that's a wonderfully romantic spot. :D

And in case my husband is reading my Reddit comments dude go get me a box of Strixhaven and a ham and cheese thanks.

Hardee's is a strictly breakfast only restaurant

Someone take me to Hardee’s ?

New??

Legit?

You just now tell me this??

LETS GOOOOOOO

They still let me do it with my CRC ID too. Good times.

Where was he hiding the shotgun????

[deleted]

Is it fr?

HARDE....HOKIES!

He was driving a truck in front of me and was at the window. He was mad about his food order and started beating on the window and grabbing the cashier. I got out to see if the cashier person was ok and he hops out of his truck with his shotgun and points it at me and the cashier. Fucking nuts

Valid with "thick burgers" only.

The police were notified, right? That's at least three big crimes in a very short time span.

Yep we called police. He sped off before they arrived. Had no rear tag so we had no license to provide. We described the person and truck to the police. Never heard anything more from the police so I assume they never found him..

This email from my professor made me laugh &#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/p9tt6dq4b4w61.jpg?width=1080&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=a0eca828f5162a8711adb9beca16045e64dcb2d8

\[Text reads: "Hi everyone,

I hope you had a great spring break. I think I saw some of you in Cancun, but I was too busy relaxing to say hi. Or was that Florida, I don't know, all of my vacations last week are running together. Or maybe that was just a dream, I can't remember. Oh yeah, I was working the whole time, now I remember. You probably were too."\]

Ah yes, all of the spring breaks they’re giving to you this year make for excellent travel.

I’m really sorry to anyone who’s in school right now and has to push through without a break. I can’t imagine how tough that has to be. You all can do it though, you’re almost there!

you better make that spot survey flawless my friend.

This comment has been overwritten in response to Reddit's limitations on third party API access.

You’re professor wrote this, or forwarding this?

this semester has just been an endless grind.

Love how the intent was to stop people from leaving for the week for Spring Break, but now people are just leaving every single time we get a "Spring Break Day" while the rest of us suffer and actually care about COVID restrictions and safe practices.

I think in the end, the break days just made the semester longer. I was given four lectures to do on my last break day and we are given homework regardless of the breaks. It just means I don’t actually go to the class but I still have to do the same amount of work

Well they have made for some weekend trips but not many

Thank you, seriously that helps, literally anything helps

It’s just spring break lol so over dramatic.

Oh 100% I will! One of the best profs I've had :)

My prof wrote it to the class--the rest of the email was business-as-usual so I cropped it.

There’s massive lockdown fatigue across the US right now. People are over the restrictions & just want to get outside and have fun. Like all people who want to be done with the lockdowns should, I got my vaccine, so I’m safe to spend a lot more time outside & with people again.

The Wikipedia page image for a fluid ounce is of a Virginia Tech shot glass!

If the glass belongs to an alumnus, does that make it a graduated cyllander?

[deleted]

Fun fact: after drinking on campus was severely restricted in the late 90s, the Bookstore had to sell their shot glasses labeled as toothpick holders.

I shot that photo when I lived in O'Shaughnessy. According to Wikipedia that was back in '07. I think I put it on the page for the shot glass originally. I guess it migrated.

Pretty sure the booze was some ill-advised rum. Cool to see the photo still floating around!

Nice.

My dad has this design in a double shot glass.

You went to Egypt

Looks like wild turkey 101 in the glass too.

Cylinder?

The shot or the glass?

Yup. And labeled them "1.5 ounce toothpick holders." Because everyone measures their toothpicks in ounces.

That's still a thing for several school organizations. I know the Marching Virginians sell toothpick holders as well

[deleted]

It looks like <insert brownish booze of your choice>.

No, cyllander

You're right. I'll leave the misspelling to annoy the chemistry and English majors.

Yes

Por que no los dos?  But I do want the glass

7th floor survivor here

Jokes on us, it's just dorm water.

Especially after a couple of shots.

We'll, it's not a cylinder either, so the answer is still "no".

What do you mean it was a joke, and doesn't have to be exactly correct? Oh... uh, in that case, hahahaha.... Ha?

It definitely was in the book store, I had that exact one for years. I'd assume it's still there, but I can't verify that.

Someone call Marc Edwards!

I asked for one last year and they said they didn't sell shot glasses anymore :(

I’m in disbelief I applied to VT early action to major in sociology thinking I had a fair shot and was stunned to get rejected. I had a 5.0 weighted (on a 4.0 scale), had a 1580 SAT and 35 ACT, was the captain of 3 sports, leadership roles with 4 clubs, over 80 volunteer hours and I was somehow rejected. 
Not only was I rejected but Tim Sands personally made the trip to my house, then sucker punched me across the face saying I should not have had the audacity to even consider applying to his university.

Had me in the first half...

If there was a creative writing major you would have easily been admitted

Should have applied for the corps, they take anyone

You must've wrote Va Tech on your application

That reminds me, I saw Tim Sands at a grocery store in Christansburg yesterday. I told him how cool it was to meet him in person, but I didn’t want to be a douche and bother him and ask him for photos or anything.
He said, “Oh, like you’re doing now?”
I was taken aback, and all I could say was “Huh?” but he kept cutting me off and going “huh? huh? huh?” and closing his hand shut in front of my face. I walked away and continued with my shopping, and I heard him chuckle as I walked off. When I came to pay for my stuff up front I saw him trying to walk out the doors with like fifteen Milky Ways in his hands without paying.
The girl at the counter was very nice about it and professional, and was like “Sir, you need to pay for those first.” At first he kept pretending to be tired and not hear her, but eventually turned back around and brought them to the counter.
When she took one of the bars and started scanning it multiple times, he stopped her and told her to scan them each individually “to prevent any electrical infetterence,” and then turned around and winked at me. I don’t even think that’s a word. After she scanned each bar and put them in a bag and started to say the price, he kept interrupting her by yawning really loudly.

the comments on this post should be used to weed out some applicants.

And everyone in the Starbucks clapped

Bruh i thought results are out, but then i read the thing again

It’s out?

I live in Virginia but didn't know who Tim Sands was so I googled him.  OMG, someone has been effing with his wikipedia entry and it's pretty funny - check it out before it gets fixed.

bro's probably from nova 😔

I didn't attend VT, but I did get a bachelor's in sociology.  That I don't use. Blessing in disguise.

We thinking this Friday is when it comes out?

Boom

You didnt mention your ethnicity. Thats a big factor

Yikes.

[deleted]

[removed]

[deleted]

Where are you from? If from NoVA, I'm not surprised.

Sounds like you’re a victim of yield protection. Colleges can reject highly qualified applicants since they are more likely to enroll in a better school. With that high of GPA, SAT, and ACT score along with your extensive extracurricular activities, you might have a fair shot at getting in an Ivy League (Harvard, Tufts, etc.)

I can’t tell if this is real or not. If this is I’m sorry you didn’t get in.

If what you mentioned is TRUE. Then, you should be happy. In fact you should celebrate. 

They care about money more than the students. TRY to find teaching universities. Most research universities treat students like a trash.

[deleted]

[deleted]

Next time record this video. Apparently he went to the library where people where the sit in for Palestine and told them,” thanks for not cashing any disruptions this semester” laughed and left.

Did you really just take a 10 yr old creepy pasta of Steve Blake and repurpose for this dude???

Nah lol OP scared me

https://preview.redd.it/dm1ezlc4jiie1.jpeg?width=1290&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=653f691c43d34258d421082c21384d6083d39894

[deleted]

No shit

What email?

What email? I didn’t any from tech in a while :(

Did you get a specific virginia tech FAFSA email as well? I filed my form and still received the email, and others who haven’t filed received it (and some who filed didn’t receive the email as well). Is this a positive sign??? (I doubt it)

Good job dumbass

this was satire, but there’s no way being from nova hurts your chances this much 😭😂

You mean you've never had the university president sucker punch you in the face?

I got waitlisted from CC

...are you slow

How short is your attention span

no

lmfaooo obviously it's a troll, decisions aren't even out yet ☠️☠️

Delete ts

[removed]

Sadly, you really have to be top in NoVA or offer something else they are looking for to get in. 

This is based on discussions I've had with professors and boards.

Yeah, everyone knows it’s the *Hokie Bird* that comes and sucker punches you in the face

It happened to my friend supposedly /j

I knew it was a joke post but usually the joke posts about admissions decisions come after admissions decisions came out

Positive sign for the valentine email or VT fafsa email?

I’m assuming that’s just for engineers cuz I had a friend who got into BIT with a 3.8 and without a test score

Have a great weekend, everyone! 🥂

Where is this??? My name is Kathryn and I’ve never seen a coke bottle with my name!!!

Where can I get these?

Awesome

Using the old logo like a real one

I took this picture in the Harris Teeter at 12960 Highland Crossing Dr, Herndon, VA 20171. 

:)

You can get these at Kroger, food lion and most gas stations

Took this picture in the Harris Teeter at 12960 Highland Crossing Dr, Herndon, VA 20171

That's still the athletic logo. Only the academic logo changed.

Hmm, I’m in Blacksburg so I don’t think I can get it 😂

Yeah people think the new logo replaced that one for whatever reason lol

Was looking for my AirPods… What do you think the ducks are listening to?

The Byrds

VT so harsh even the waterfowl stealin

Free Bird

Duck around and find out

hi mike

I Want A New Duck by Weird Al

Hootie and the Blowfish

Obviously The Duck Song

You’ll enjoy the new AirPod pro

Ima grab my kayak and get em for ya

Bold to assume it’s the ducks and not Otter Sandman

The history of Virginia tech audio book

Industrial Society and its Future

HAHAHA no this is actually really unfortunate 🤣🤡

I wanna be like Mike

Metallica: Enter Sandman

Uncle quacker

cant have shit in blacksburg

hi

Mike is always droppin his airpods.

From the Commonwealth Cup Wikipedia page

You’re god damn right

Spot the lie

damn right #hokienation

The commonwealth is all beat up and dented and looks like it belongs in your grandmother’s garage in a box.

REAL

It was taken down shortly after I posted this. 😞

Wonder how that happened. Not like it gets moved very often...

it's ours and it's beautiful! - GO HOKIES!

#REAL!

I mean shit, I remember seeing the pictures of it in UVA’s locker room last year and the lip at the top was bent to shit and everything. They murdered our baby

It happens because when we win it gets treated like a solo cup.

Fun Fact: the graduating seniors carve their names into the bottom of the cup.

RIP Flip's, La Cantina, and Lotsa Pasta

F

Do they still have the sandwich and smoothie place on the left?

"Your scientists were so preoccupied with whether or not they could, they didn't stop to think if they should. "

But why are they still keeping that blue cloud ceiling... 

Also, RIP the best quesadillas that weren't from Qdoba. These were heavily slept on and amazing.

Looks like the same focus group that came up with the new logo was used to come up with globowl kitchen

Not like this

Which dining hall is this? I'm old, sorry.

Thanks I hate it

But why is NOBODY talking about the loss of our General Tso's Chicken :(

The mad men were letting people put the quesadilla orders down on the counter without actually handing them off and then picked them up with no regard to the order. Also american cheese in a quesadilla? What has this become?

RIP to the Oasis

They're still there, but under different names. La Cantina is still in the same space (different name tho) and Flips is where the philly cheese steak used to be. Lotsa Pasta is Ciotola now

La cantina quesadillas and flips spicy chicken sandwich line....

A sad day indeed

Wtf is this

Don’t get me wrong, Old Owens was fucking great. But Flips... my god it was bad, kinda glad it got the boot

"Glo**bowl** kitchen?"

"Varia**bowl**?"

I haven't been a student recently enough to be sad about these restaurants leaving, but seriously - I have to wonder how many people with approval/veto authority reviewed this design, tacky bowl puns and all, and said "yes, this is perfect; please proceed."

I went in there a few days ago.    It seems like everything is served in a bowl, but is essentially the same, only you can add a bunch of toppings to customize it.   It takes a bit longer for people to customize things, which makes the wait longer, but the food is essentially the same.

What an amazing meme xD

What have they done to the crayon box?

Are there new places in there spots? How the hell can they have less food options when they have over enrolled and people are standing in line for ridiculous amounts of time to get food?

F

F

Yes. I was so confused when I walked in this year. Where are all my favorite places?!?

They’re still there !!

Pinto Beans (not black beans) Corn Salsa (not pico de gallo) Barbecoa or Carnitas (not chicken!)

These were the secrets to La Cantina.

Owens

Owens, I think

They still have it!! They tried a new recipe for a bit last year but they went back to the old one this year, still a 10/10

It’s still there!

Did you know there’s actually a system in place in there to put the quesadilla orders, even the ones freshman put down on the counter, in order? the manager was constantly yelling at people to stop that, but they do come out in order.

I saw that and decided I didn’t want a quesadilla anymore. Haha. I just got General Tso and left.

it gets worse. the salad bar is now, "vegetabowl."

There aren’t fewer options though?? Most of the shops just got renamed

F

The F chain will prevail. Long live the F chain. 

Downvoters will be drawn and quatered with no Fs given.

How were those your favorite places?

Not surprising...it's been about a decade since I ate in Owens

! Title says La Cantina is gone, though? Have they relocated?

I actually found their chicken quesadillas to be super good.  My personal favorite thing besides the always-crispy quality were the sauces; they had a creamy chipotle sauce or something that I always got.

Freshman here: I've only seen chick-fil-a, pizza hut, and some barbecue place at Owen's by Vawter Hall. Where are all these other places?

We actually trialed a new version for this semester and nobody liked it, there's a stock of the new sauce that we're going to run through and then once it's gone it's back to the same old good Tsos everyone loved

The original supplier had a fire 2 years ago I think and should now be able to get the sauce again

Tell that to my quesadilla that took 25 minutes. Also if they don’t pick them up in order how would they come out in order?

Someone needs to educate these freshman smh

Isn’t that like some dragon ball z shit

That's good that they filled the spots. I didn't realize.

I was joking. Although, Flip’s wasn’t *that* bad.

It’s just under a new name, same place it was before!

That place is called Hokie Grill. Owens is in the same building but on the opposite side. You have to go outside to get there, so head towards the War side of the building to get there

WTF?  Didn't the orientation leaders show you guys where everything is?   Back in the day when I was a freshman they took us to the Hokie Grill, the food court, D2, etc. so we knew where everything was.

On the other side of Owens Hall, right by West Eggleston

Do. Better. I don’t understand how we can have multiple fatal and near fatal car wrecks in Blacksburg just in the past few months and still have people driving recklessly around town. For the third time this week I’ve had someone in a car pass me on my bike while going around a blind corner or over the crest of a hill. One day you’re going to do that when someone else is coming the other way, at which point they’ll swerve into the opposing lane to get around you and then hit me. Some poor kid was killed on the side of prices fork the other day and you’re Still driving like this. Shame on you.

I ride an ebike and generally keep up with traffic. The amount of cars I have pass me within inches while I’m doing the speed limit is nuts. Often to just stop at a stop sign or light in front of me. The lack of care and patience is crazy.

Literally today someone almost hit me in the crosswalk because they blasted through a red light. Stay off your phones and kindly grow up.

Exactly. People need to learn some patience. Walk if you’re going to get mad that people are *walking on a college campus*

YEP I nearly got mowed down crossing Jackson street by the post office and the car’s hood was close enough for me to slap it. The driver looked me in the eye and drove away lol. Also the amount of driving around with no lights on that happens.

I was waiting at the light to cross N. Main at Alumni Mall last week. I saw the stoplight turn yellow, then the pedestrian sign turned to walk, and the voice alert said it was clear to go, and thankfully I waited a moment because a man in a car blew through the stoplight without slowing down. If I’d gone when all the signals said it was safe, I would have been hit.

[deleted]

It is pretty bad. Today I had the right of way at a cross walk and had to wait for the speeding car that wasn't slowing down to pass before I could start walking

Crossing the road when not on campus has become an actual nightmare, the other week someone yelled at me just for crossing Patrick Henry at the crosswalk with a yield to pedestrians sign

Yep, I got hit by a car that had a red light while I had the signal to walk back in the fall. Thankfully they were driving very slowly but that person definitely was not in a state to be driving…

Need more non car options (which are already pretty good for and US) to get around. TTT being hourly is a crime.

Where the fuck are Blacksburg's traffic officers? I swear, people floor it down Prices Fork no holds barred on a regular basis because there are absolutely no consequences. Every day for four years I've seen/heard multiple cars punch it in broad daylight down one of Blacksburg's streets, never have I seen even a single one of them get pulled over in town. Rules/traffic education can only do so much when literally none of it is ever being enforced here. They enforce parking rules more seriously than reckless driving in this town. I know they have a lot of fish to fry, and it's not the same people doing those jobs, but like what the fuck? The reason we've had multiple fatal wrecks & pedestrian fatalities is because people think they can do whatever they want on the roads, and currently, they're right.

Literally watched a BT BUS DRIVER nearly hit someone crossing the street the other day. And the driver goes “teaching her a lesson to pay attention” as if this poor girl wasn’t already in the middle of crossing?? The driving is genuinely getting very concerning atp

WEAR HELMETS if you’re on bikes. I got hit by a car while riding to campus years ago. It was shitty then and it’s no better now. Some young guy was looking at his phone, blew a stop sign while I was crossing the intersection, glanced up just in time to see me but not fast enough to swerve fully out of the way. He clipped my rear wheel. I went down, ended up with some bad road rash, no broken bones, helmet saved me from cracking open my head. When I got up the dude was still frozen in the intersection, white as a sheet. I think he believed he’d killed me. I walked to his car, rapped on his window, to this day I don’t think I’ve ever seen anyone jump so high. He stammered something about whether I needed to go to the hospital. I told him I only needed him to get the fuck out of my sight and to be more fucking careful. He drove like 10 mph the next four blocks until I lost sight of him behind the trees. Yeah, I could have pursued legal action or whatever but he seemed to have learned his lesson. If you’re reading this, dude in the black Nissan Altima who nearly ran over the person on the green road bike in April 2018: you’re welcome. 😂

i added 5min to my route today just to avoid prices fork after reading about things that got posted on this reddit. honestly it's disgusting that this stuff isnt covered more by the local news... it would actually give some credibility to the danger people are experiencing and reporting about here.

please keep talking to each other, and sharing whats really happening. i know anecdotes are just anecdotes, but i know for a fact that reading things here influenced me to be safer.

  
edit: [https://i.imgur.com/smsNSw4.png](https://i.imgur.com/smsNSw4.png) this is what rings through my mind when i think about prices fork. this is what should be shared.

What people will do to save a few seconds is always amazing to me

People in general don't understand how dangerous cars are - that coupled with a bunch of college kids doesn't yield great results. 

It does go both ways in terms of watching out for each other. Something that feels more and more rare :/

These issues of speeding drivers and unsafe pedestrian sidewalks needs to be addressed. I would encourage anybody to submit questions and comments on [let's talk Blacksburg ](https://letstalkblacksburg.org/). There is already an initiative to reduce speed limits across the central business district of Blacksburg that ends just BEFORE Prices Fork road. It doesn't matter if you're here for 4 years or for 10+ -- any comment/experience that could make this town safer is a good one imo.

It’s a two way street- I have never been more anxious to drive than on campus here, with people whipping it in Perry street or pulling out when someone is backing. However pedestrians also just walk out in the street without looking and multiple bikers have gone between my car and another one

I had a car whip a left turn in front of me on my motorcycle and almost take me out on Main Street two days ago. It was scary close. Truck in front of me passed that car and he just went.  Right where the two lanes by food lion zipper merge into one. Almost crippled or killed over some smooth brain driver waiting 2 seconds.

That and apparently “left turn yield on green” is some foreign concept. I wish Blacksburg PD would ticket the fuck out of these morons. It’s so rare I ever see anybody pulled over anymore despite knowing this town is full of people who can’t drive and go 60 in a 35. It’s no shock there’s more fatalities.

There’s one 4 way stop intersection that I walk through daily and if a car sees you anywhere near approaching the crosswalk, they’ll just drive right thru the sign.  The worst part is that 3-4 times, there’s been a cop at the intersection.  Never did anything

Yes! The entitlement is crazy. I don’t remember how long ago it was but someone posted on this sub that the cops are out to get students yet they were speeding. I have never been pulled over in the 5 years I have driven in Blacksburg and I worked as a delivery driver during some of my time at Tech so I was on the road a lot. These students think the rules don’t apply to them but then have the nerve to complain when karma catches up to them.

Blacksburg desperately needs to invest in biking infrastructure. The town is literally the perfect size for biking.... people get more exercise, save money on gas and car ownership, less tax dollars needed to keep up with car infrastructure, it's proven to be better for mental health, and lives are saved. The only question is, what are we waiting for?

> I don't understand...

It's because the personality traits that make people reckless drivers also make them unlikely to care about traffic fatalities or what you or anyone else thinks of them. I doubt anyone will read this post and think, "Yeah, they're right, I'll be a safer driver now." To really reduce traffic fatalities we'll need to make roads safer or make driving unaffordable for reckless drivers with more speed cameras and traffic cops

My only qualm is you didn’t title this post better so people do don’t click on every notification at least sees it

i just use the sidewalks to bike now. Gotta stay safe. But even then, I've had cars take right turns when its green for them and the walk sign is also on, leading to near misses. Particularly at the UCB/Prices Fork intersection and the W Campus Drive/Prices Fork intersection. Now i just patiently let all cars take right turns before starting to walk or bike. Clearly they think its their right of way lol. Can't we have all "no-turn-on-red" on and near campus?

people can’t drive here!

Washington St on campus is also bad with poor view between cars and pedestrians on the crosswalks. There should be raised crosswalks and curb extensions

I saw a driver that was less than a foot or two away from a kid on a bike. They kept accelerating if the child tried to go faster.

https://www.blacksburg.gov/departments/departments-l-z/police

Contact them. I'm sure it will be more constructive than complaining about it on reddit

When cycling, just ride slightly left of the center of the lane you're in.  Motorists are less likely to take chances when passing if you're further to the left when cycling.

As a pedestrian, always make sure that traffic in the lane you're going to cross will yield to you before you start crossing that lane and repeat that process for every single lane of traffic you're going to cross.  Do this regardless of whether you're crossing mid-block or at an intersection with a walk signal.

Last week, some kid in front of me at a light made a left on red onto South Main... 😌 There was a car coming…😌😌😌

I used BT transit when possible. Much less of a hassle.

What could be called "the sound of Blacksurg" now is people making their big trucks, cars and motorcycles go VROOM VROOM VROOM as loud as they possibly can, especially in the downtown area. I'm guessing in order to accomplish that it means mashing down on the accelerator. So every time I hear that sound I equate it to someone driving like an idiot and I hear it A LOT in this town.

What did I do? But I’m with you, these young drivers need to chill the hell out

The Town just past an ordinance that will lower speed limits in downtown. I think it’s phasing in over the summer?

Yall. I am probably going to VT next year and I'm driving up there this weekend for Hokie Focus. Yall r scaring me with all these posts about driving.

Kid who died was a vt student yet the school hasn’t made any statement about reckless driving

I see college students crossing the street on prices fork without even looking to see if a car is coming. It’s been this way for years. Year after year after year. I don’t blame the drivers.

Not a fair ask, many of the drivers here are from Virginia.

Well.maybe take your headphones off and stop staring at your phone...  that'd be a good start.  It's amazing how many kids I see just blindly walking

If you have time, check into the existing laws with the town/county/state. For example, in my state there is a law that you must give 3 feet to pass bicyclist. If these don't exist, then engage your area to get them passed. If they do, then engage the public to complain and the police/sheriff to enforce. (here's a small, actionable protest-ish opportunity). Police frequently will do some extended enforcement to build awareness about problem areas.

And they'll pass you even when your lane says bikes have full lane.

I was about to make a left turn but then someone just cut over and passed me and nearly ran me over just bc they couldnt stand being behind something.

Their needs to be some enforcement of some kind because this type of shittt will unfortunately continue to happen unless there are changes made

That sounds so scary! I’m glad you’re okay. 

The amount of people that run red lights (everywhere, not just Blacksburg) has gotten significantly worse in the last few years.

This is the one I really don't understand.

Ok, guy in the car behind me, maybe you're a jackass who doesn't stop at crosswalks, but I'm the one following the law here.

Hell, I make eye contact and do the little "go ahead" gesture for pedestrians who are waiting at a crosswalk. Can't even approximate the number of dirty looks other motorists have given me over the years, or the number of times they've actually started to pass me when I slow down at the crosswalk!

> The reason we've had multiple fatal wrecks & pedestrian fatalities is because people think they can do whatever they want on the roads, and currently, they're right.

This is on both sides of the fence. I know it's a sensitive subject. But it ain't politics. The only times I've ever almost hit someone in my truck in Blacksburg in my 13/14 years of living here, is when people don't look before walking in the street, and not using the motherfucking white crosswalks. But yeah, people drive way too fast too. It's weird really. Some people drive REALLY SLOW, or REALLY FAST. I mean, we have speed limits for a reason. So yeah, I kind of agree with you. All people just need to go by the law(of course I'm just speaking of traffic law), even if the law won't enforce it, because that's just best for everyone.

Blacksburg pd is very short staffed, sadly.

Gotta be careful walking away from stuff like that.

Full of adrenaline might not realize the extent of damages to your body, seems like it ended well in this case but always good to get the info even if you don’t think you’ll need it

at this point, the university needs to raise awareness. I'm not sure even the local news would get the job done.

Agreed, many skip the lights, walk without looking up, and assume they can cross anywhere. Yes, drivers need to slow down and be more alert, but pedestrians need to do their part too.

What's wrong with NJ driver's license? Probably posted by the same organization as the frog flyers

It's fucking Crazy Steve

Wait is that a picture of Spencer from ICarly?

I mean they can’t even pump their own gas…

Every person who has ever almost killed me had jersey plates… certifiable fact

I really want to know what group put all these up because they did a fucking marvelous job of being "offensive" in such a weird and funny way that it's impossible to take seriously. They could have easily fucked this up but like, there's literally nothing you can say about these they're just funny. I was particularly a fan of "I'm not gay but I know who is" it reads like something I would repost on my shitty Tumblr.

Part of me is also like, is it VT Hunt time again? Is this some sort of ARG? Only time will tell.

There's a real good one on the post outside buruss

Jersey being bad state is a haha funny joke. And as someone from Jersey I’d say its deserved.

Jersey is whaaaack

Have you even been to New Jersey? 🤢🤢

###/r/woosh

Everything…

In the words of Chief Keef “Finna blow New Jersey up”

i wonder what the limited exceptions are

It’s literally an invasion. Stay up north

New Jersey saids fuck you !

What is the gain from this shit?
The grounds staff are fighting a losing battle with litter this year. Downvote all you want.  I don't see many people picking up all the trash.

nj drivers r da poop!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

It’s an old joke from NYC

To be honest, having someone pump your own gas is pretty nice, especially when it's really cold out. Lower the window a half an inch, say fill'er up, and enjoy the warmth while raising the window again. :)

I drive in NJ everyday and im convinced I will die there because of how they drive

You must not see a lot of Maryland plates then.

Imagine we find out these signs are part of some research project

No so that's why I'm confused

BANG BANG

Wow didn't think i'd ever see Sosa quoted on this sub. Respect

None, New Jersey is the worst place ever in human history.

It gives people a laugh and how is it litter? It’s taped to a pole not tossed on the ground

[deleted]

I’m kinda late to this party but don’t worry about the “grounds staff”. Tech has worked with the county to allow people to work community service hours for tech. 

There’s a pretty good chance that the person scooping food for you at d2 isn’t being paid and is doing it on a court order

Yeah these are just pointless and add to trash around campus, not to mention making it look trashy to begin with. Makes me sad as an alum to see your valid point downvoted by the children who claim to be Hokies.

Go back to Jersey! /s

That’s a weird way of saying I can’t pump gas on my own

I78 (or maybe 76, its been a while) nearly gave me a heart attack the first time i drove on it. Jersey drivers are something else, its like yall take the posted speed limit and then add 40

Oh I do. I partially learned how to drive in maryland

Moved to MD after grad, the drivers aren't great but it's not like NJ drivers.

MD drivers: actively trying to spite you  
NJ drivers: unaware that their driving is garbage

they arent i can assure you 😈

Good God why did you get down voted so much for this

New Jersey is frequently the butt of many East Coast state-based jokes. The reason for the state's bad reputation include poor drivers, high taxes, the stereotypical personality of New Jersey citizens, and for literally smelling bad.

New Jersey smells like armpit 🤢

Tacky and stupid taped to pole today. Lying in the mulch and bushes with the rest of the trash soon.  I get it.  Nobody cares how the campus looks.

I feel sorry for the grounds keepers and don't see the point of piling on. I am also proud of the campus and  want it to look nice.

It isn't a party.  People said a litter filled trashy campus is funny.  I think the comedian who posts the signs should have the same energy to go remove them and the tape. Pick up a few over there on the ground to make it even more hilarious. Get a scraper and some paint to really make a knee slapper by making the pole look nice. 

I don't care if it is free labor community service people or paid staff. It is unnecessary litter unless the comic goes back to remove the masterpiece.

Do you also think missing persons/pets signs are trash? It’s a piece of paper that serves a purpose by being taped to a pole. How tf is that trash old man?

Oregon has it as well and it freaked my parents out when we visited

Nah, it's just easier having someone else do it while listening to some tunes. I don't live in Jersey anymore, so I gotta get out and do it myself now.

As an ex-New Jersey driver who recently moved to VA, we universally agree that people from the DMV area can’t drive. You guys drive the speed limit in the passing lane, refuse to use turn signals, slam on your brakes unprovoked, and drive the exact speed limit when there’s no other cars around. Idk how any of you guys got your licenses lol

prove it.

It is the armpit of America

Gonna start disposing of my garbage randomly around campus. Thank you for the idea🙏

First of all, clearly you are some kid with the "old man" reference..makes me fearful for the current state of the Hokie community if you attend...  


But to answer your question, this particular posting, along with many of the others being spammed across our sub serve absolutely no purpose.  


Ones such as your reference to missing animals do serve one, and are in no way comparable to this trash other than the potential similarity of being taped on a pole.

Just moved to Oregon. I like having my gas pumped.

I shouldn’t be surprised but I still am

I’m normally one to give professors the benefit of the doubt and try to communicate directly with them but man...this semester I’ve had some truly awful professors and I’ve been mentally planning what I’m going to write for their SPOT survey since September. I’m about to go real hard on these

The point is professors themselves are rarely penalized if they are tenured. Non tenured ones get punished.
High time tenured professors are docked pay for not doing their part. 
Also guys do not badmouth your TA s, usually they follow the professor's guidelines. Them being assholes is the professor's behavior/attitude being reflected , since professors are really motivated to save their own reputation while sacrificing any student or TAs.

The only reason I even do em (other than flaming terrible professors) is for professors offering extra credit at the end of each semester for them

I already opted out of both they're a pain in the ass

I have one professor I can’t wait to rip into

Professors gonna wait for yours like "Oh we gotta read this one now"

My advisor told me SPOT surveys are a priority for tenured profs seeking a promotion (assistant --> full professor, etc.), so they still do matter!  
  
Also, SPOT surveys are critical this semester because you can give your profs feedback on how to improve online learning. We're all gonna be in Zoom University for at least 1 more semester, so might as well take a few minutes to provide some quality advice to potentially save yourself some trouble down the road

So far my TA's have been so much better than the professors

That'd be associate -> full. Assistant professors are pre-tenure.

Because professors,at least what I have seen in VT really don't care about teaching. They take corrective action only if upper administration tells them to, motivated by profits only. 
Seriously our teaching faculty is not good. They may be good researchers who bring in money. But not motivated to impart knowledge.

I hear you, but consider the chance that different departments have different quality of professors. I'm in the school of neuroscience and my professors have been absolutely outstanding. I couldn't ask for more.

Cause they have to do two jobs simultaneously, teaching and doing research. They just teach you because the university ask them to do so. That's why Liberal Arts College got better teaching quality than public university.

We still do have a lot of good teachers here though. Of course, we used to have some seriously great teachers and researchers at Tech before dumbfuck sandman decided he wanted Tech to be a huge school and those teachers and researchers left.

> They may be good researchers who bring in money. But not motivated to impart knowledge.

It is worth checking which professors are actually research faculty. A lot of courses are taught by adjuncts and students often do a poor job at identifying this and make all sorts of assumptions.

The ones who actually do research are not tenured or not full professors.
Once tenured they know they can slack off easily, and that's what they do.
spot reviews that target the professor's conduct or lack of enthusiasm is not taken seriously for comparatively senior profs. Adjuncts...haha. well they got the best if both worlds. Ain't it fun ? :)

Thought you might like my Hokie bird tattoo

We need to recruit him for football.

Very nice!  You should mention the artist and shop here if they are ok with that.

Inspired by the mural in War Memorial

Love it!

Yo, as a former Older Hokie (1992) and member of the weight club there, this brings back Awesome fond memories and beautiful tribute to 2 loves of my life!!👊🏾🙇🏾‍♂️👊🏾

That’s ridiculously dope

American traditional? Looks cool.

🔥🔥🔥🦃💪🏻

Awesome work!

Just wait until the D2 bodybuilders see this tattoo idea

Couldnt be me though

Amanda Slater at Lakeside in Richmond. Great shop 👍

Expectation vs reality

“In it’s shade?” The gratuitous apostrophe is jarring.

Kinda sad ngl :(

Pretty good symbolism for what the last generation "planted" for us

The 3rd generation gets a nice 4x4.

Interesting plank challenge

For good reason, they never mention what happens to the third generation...

Where is this bench?

God punished them for this egregious use of an apostrophe

The tree agreed with your assessment. It sat staring at that mistake for years until it couldn't take it anymore. Then it ended it all, taking that grammatical misstep to hell with it.

*hi's

On the huckleberry by glade road

Go Hokies!

Probably could be argued that [UVA's retro logo](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/4c/1b/d6/4c1bd68ee45f29121d1da89307ff05f1.jpg) is above it too. But screw them :)

I love how OP included a VT logo in case people don't remember what it looks like. :p

Stephen Curry - “I wanted nothing more than to go to Virginia Tech”

Hits like a 50 cal every time. Damn.

Seth Greenberg I will never forgive you

Greenberg ‘he is not tall enough’- proceeds to not due shit as Davidson has tourney run…

... Then recruits 5' 8" Hank Thorns.

Effing idiots.

Dell Curry was a beast at Tech.

😥

Steph Curry became STEPH CURRY because of Bob McKillop. Greenberg would have gotten eviscerated for nepotism. Hindsight is always 20/20.

I was a regular at Cassell when Dell played for Tech. We were actually a ranked team back then. Would have been so sweet to have Steph, too.

I'm a vt basketball fan but greenburg blew it there

This year was rough for vt basketball and football so I'm ready for a good season. Football has pretty much stunk since beamer retired.

I'm still deciding on whether i think pry is the right one for the job. I like coach young but im wondering why they lose so many in basketball now.

🥲

No real coach in a top 100 program offered him not VCU, not WAKE, not ECU why would a program trying to compete in one of the best basketball conferences in America offer him over a top 150 prospect that was offered?

Probably a missed opportunity of the century.

I have heard this story but seeing it hits harder. This is one of the biggest L's in sports history and I won't ever be over it.  Steph should have been given a scholarship. This ruined VT's relationship with the Curry's and the fallout can still felt today. 

Steph's legacy status should have given him a major advantage. Two of his parents are former athletes, one being the legendary Dell Curry whose jersey is in the rafters. No other school offering him a scholarship shouldn't have been a factor. Dell wasn't an alum at those schools, he is a Virginia Tech alum and should have been afforded the respect.

I wonder how much they paid him to say this

Crazy thing was he recruited someone smaller instead. I think that coach was a bit of a narcissist and hot shot who was afraid the spotlight would be off him by recruiting Curry. Greenberg was a bit of a diva who thought he was much bigger than he was. 

There's a reason no one has been interested in hiring him as a coach since. Thought way too highly of himself. I had one brief conversation with Greenberg long ago and I wasn't impressed...very off-putting personality.

Not seeing the nepotism angle 
- Greenburg's not related -

Plus, All of college sports is 'family-oriented' - Deion and his sons, Frank and Shane,
Ex-Hokie Coach Brookes and his daughters,
Jim Boeheim had his son playing for him at Syracuse, 
All the Bowdens in college football...

This would've gone unnoticed for the most part.

No he didn’t. One scholarship to give do you give it to a top 50 kid or a kid not even VCU offered.

If we don’t get more than 6 wins, I think the writing is on the wall for Pry

Seriously, who are you saying was paid to say what? 

Both his parents went to the same college, they were both on college sports teams, the fathers jersey is hanging in the gym, and you think it’s a lie their kid wanted to go to that college to play sports and only ended up somewhere else because a spot wasn’t offered? 

And on top of that, you think someone in the Curry family needs money to lie about wanting to play sports at the college both parents played sports at?

He became a commentator after being fired where he still is now I think.

Curry’s dad is VT legend, Dell Curry. 

There’s plenty to criticize Greenberg for. But there was nothing to indicate that a not quite 6’0” bean pole would become an all-time shooter. We can shout about how Seth should have taken a chance on him, but again, hindsight is 20:20. 

At Davidson, Curry had the runway to make mistakes while the team stayed competitive. That kind of opportunity is rarely afforded in ACC basketball.

hindsight is 20/20 but what if...

Yeah if football struggles next season that's probably it for the coach

lol, well said

Yeah originally part of that was because he still got paid by Virginia Tech until he got his next coaching gig. Apparently no schools were interested in the payment required to hire him. Smart on his part though I guess getting 2 salaries for 1 job.

Great yes if we had a Time Machine of course we should go back and offer him.

Im on it...

Could you also work on Percy Harvin, Da’Shawn Hand, Josh Sweat, Patrick Estes, TreVeyon Henderson, Tajih Boyd, Lawrence Taylor, Plaxico Burress, Jerod Mayo, Torrey Smith, Shawn Springs, Morgan Moses among others.

quite the list!:

No question who'd I'd want most (LT jic its not obvious)

Actual photo of me doing work on day 3 with no power

bro wtf it’s still out?

Still better than the overhead fluorescent lights in the dorms.

IT’S BACK YALL! 🙏🏼⚡️

go to best buy, buy a big ass expensive battery and then return it once you have power. Charge it on campus if needed



unethical but you do what you gotta do. Should be plenty for lights and a fridge.

Use a credit card(not one that you carry a balance on if you do) so that you buy and return within the grace period. No interest or fees that way and the money doesn’t leave ur bank acc.

https://preview.redd.it/thp5dzis56je1.jpeg?width=828&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=6163665d37431c6006db981310e9445d11e62296

Yeah, i JUST got my power back last night. Its supposed to snow again on Wednesday. Yay! Virginia rocks! 🙄

*This* is yall's meme game these days...?

Not OP, but mine has been out for 3 days now also 😭

Ya i live in Ellett Valley and it’s bleak out here. I can see multiple places where the power lines are down😬 Expecting several more days without power probably.

Sir I cannot poop in my own home bc there’s no running water. You sure about that?

Cburg side of Ellett Valley - we got power back last night, so hopefully you get yours back soon!

Unless the lady in the picture is pooping while studying, my comment about the lighting (and only the lighting) stands!

I feel for you though. I guess you're not in the town water system. I grew up in a rural area and losing water due to lack of electricity was the worst part of it. Here's hoping you get it back within the next 10 minutes.

But now you’re justified in pooping outside. Winning!

Ah gotcha. I thought we were talking about the whole situation and I was like… i’d rather have fluorescent lights😭 Thanks for your well wishes. Stay strong in the dorms🫡

#firefuente lol

I was watching the game from home today because I wasn’t motivated to get to the game after last week, and was laughing at how fast the #FIREFUENTE chants started after losing the lead. It was almost as if the crowd was expecting it to happen. There was no moment of stunned silence. Just depression and anger at once again seeing their expectations come to reality. This football program died with Bud Foster retiring. Well, on to VT Basketball. Mike Young is a coach I can get behind.

Wasting my fucking day listening to this shit on the radio cause I couldn't find a usable stream or anywhere on TV fuck this. Dude's gotta be gone tomorrow, won't happen though. No clue what he has done to make some people feel so fucking loyal to him. And I don't want to hear about "oh what if the replacement is worse" anymore either. What the fuck are we scared of? How much worse could it realistically get? I don't even know why I still get mad about it I was saying all week we would lose

I’ve been on the “give fuente time” train for a while. Time is up though. The team has gotten worse and worse. I was ready to fire Beamer during his last four awful seasons, and he had a life time of good will built up. If its not the offense being putrid, it’s the defense. Thats on the entire staff. 

Who knew Bronco was the better hire.

I feel bad rooting to lose but if it means a quicker exit for Fuente then I do it. I don’t want to go 7-6 and the higher ups with influence go “oh this was a better year” and keep him. I want the old Hokies I grew up with back (2004-2012)

This is a blessing, everyone can see the rotting foundations. We have a schedule that allows us to not make a bowl - if Fu and Co. aren't gone by then, we have to question Whit and the BoV.

fire Fuente #enoughisenough

Personally, in the last 3 years, HOKIE football has gone from being an obsession - to being unwatchable. 

A change is in order. Without question.

I dont know why I wasted another afternoon. it makes me embarrassed

You’d think somebody has seen enough of him blowing leads to get rid of him. Maybe he’s blowing more than just leads to keep his job at this point

I was at this game we had it won and then this piece of shit coach blew it. I agree we need to fire his ass.

Losses to teams we historically should own is just par for the course for this fucking staff. Get him out of here. Fucking clown 🤡. Gimme Tom Herman

[deleted]

Just want to also mention basketball is coming soon. When I was a student we sucked bad at it…. At least we have something going there.

Question from an alumni to current students… is it hard to put a few “fire Fuente posts around campus?” If that’s what the student body reflects then let it be known? It was a no big deal with this stuff when I was a student but idk today

I was at this game, this is what the Hokies can be: https://youtu.be/cb4nHY3CHjY

And Cornelsen and Hamilton and all the position coaches. Top to bottom, there is no quality coaching in this team.

Nah, no “lol” after this, this shit has gone far beyond the joke. He’s fucking ruining this program because of some success he had under a team Beamer built.

There was nothing he could’ve done

If I had a billion…I’d just leave $20 million 💵 💵 💵 💰 💰 in front of lane stadium to buy him out and put forward for the new coach. Cmon boosters!

I didn’t even watch this one. Were the chants audible?

I was at the game and we all stared at the receiver who pulled ahead of the defender, knowing what was about to happen cause it happened multiple times that game and it's happened all season. The entire student section was waiting to do the chant, and we ALL saw it coming as the ball soared above the defenders head into the receiver's hands. #firefuente we need a change. Any change, just something student because clearly this isn't working

Coming from someone in the student section…. We absolutely were anticipating this happening, but still didn’t make it easier to watch.

I agree, but if the replacement is just as bad then we'll have to go through this series of excuses for several years again to get rid of them.  It's not a good situation and I agree Fuente has been given too many chances already.  I'm leaning pretty heavily to your line of thinking though.

Gotta scrape together the $10M

I remember Bronco’s first year laughing at how they went 2-10 and paid Bronco $6m for it. 

We are headed down a road similar to 2-10.

It’s like seeing a disease or infection and saying “ok just give it time it’ll heal itself” but it gets bigger. Yea sometimes you need to cut the limb or take the risk. Basically I mean keeping Fuente and co fester too long does nothing good for the program it’s already rotting it.

One of my the more interesting statistics I’ve seen popping up is that fuente has had more losing streaks (3+ games) at home in the last 4 years than Beamer did his whole career. Fuente has taken the program way past the 2000’s team. He’s broken all meaningful streaks, given us our worse loss in program history( I think it’s the ODU one but other losses of his are up there), and in a year where most acc teams are playing like shit we are still somehow ending up at the bottom as the shittiest of the shit pile.

The BoV hires and fires the President. They don't (and because of the political nature of their positions and lack of expertise in the higher ed administration), shouldn't get into the weeds on staff beyond that.

That said, your point is valid. Cornelson needs to go and if he doesn't, that's a management failure on Fuente. Fuente probably needs to go, and if doesn't that's a management failure on Whit.

If the problem is the buyout, then do what we (eventually) did with Stinespring: promote him to a position where he can't do any damage until we can get rid of him.

[deleted]

It's a sad day when one of your comments doesn't end with GO HOKIES! I'm with you though man. I was one of the last ones to defend Fuente, even after 2020, but it's just too far gone now. He needs to go

I watched the 2nd quarter and caught the last minute on my phone (was flying). From what I saw that last pass was a defensive screw up but then again …if we had more points it wouldn’t have happened.

Bud Foster was at the Richmond game, he sat about 6 rows down from me in section 10. There was a couple of times he jumped up and was making defense play call signals, so his passion is still there if nothing else. 
He also was able to enjoy a couple nice cold beverages brought to him by fans.

I was at the Pitt game, tailgating in Lot 1, Bud foster was a few spots down, and seemed to be all smiles. I really wanted to talk to him but ended up letting him be cause didn’t want to be the annoying fan and ruin his time. So curious what he’s thinking though..

If settling for being mediocre is okay with you, then sure!

Except quit I suppose🤔

There are only a handful of alumni who even have a net worth of $20 million, even fewer who can afford to make multi-million dollar donations to VT.

Loud, clear, and immediate.

I'm not even trying to say that a replacement will come in and instantly have us rolling or anything I just don't think we have anything to lose by giving someone else a chance at this point

UVA’s offense will put up about 600yds on our sorry defense.

I believe it, I hope our top rich (boosters) do ……let alone the athletic director. Until then….sure football will be a fun tailgate day to watch small teams squabble etc. but the Hokies never fit into that as far as I’ve been alive.

I mean it's a pick your poison question. Fuente has had his product on the field really since 2018 and we aren't reaching our goal of being perennial ACC Championship Game contenters. Rather, through bad seasons and worse recruiting - we're just going backwards. With Liberty in FBS and now JMU rumored to make the jump to our level, I'd take the chance of fresh ideas and people. At the very least promote Hamilton up. Maybe the shoes are too big, but I trust one of our own over someone else who doesn't get the culture.

So you'd like to extend the years of mediocrity?

Since Fuente was hired, the ACC Coastal has been the worst division in the power 5 (and worse than some g5 conferences). Theres just no reason why this team shouldn't be a perennial contender for at least the division title, but we're not anywhere close and we're going backwards each year. Pull the fuckin ripcord.

The Boosters have already raised that money. $7.5 is poor man's money.

Really?  There’s no rich hokie billionaires anywhere?

Good point.

There is hope, apparently when the fire fuente chants started Whit went straight for the tunnel. Last year he said it was only people on social media. He can’t say that anymore and if he does he should be on the hot seat too

[deleted]

No, I don't think there are any Hokie billionaires. 

Robert Pamplin Jr. (who attended but didn't actually graduate from VT) was estimated to be worth around half a billion back around the turn of the century but several of his business interests (newspapers and textile mills) that were the source of his wealth were going south at the time so I doubt he is worth anything close to that much now.

This is all news to me, is this verified? (Hope so)

They're literally joining the Sun Belt

PSA: Vector Marketing Is A Known MLM (Pyramid Scheme) Vector Marketing (also known as Cutco Cutlery) reached out to me on HandShake today and I'm sure they messaged many of you as well. My advice is to run away from this company as fast as you can if you are in the recruitment process. They are a known MLM scam and are frequently posted on subs like r/antiMLM. You will make more money working a work-study or minimum wage job than you will make with Vector Marketing. They love to set up on college campuses and take advantage of college students. Apparently the VT Career Services department is okay with this so I have emailed them as well.  


Here is a VT thread from 2 years ago with students talking about how they are a scam as well.  
[https://www.reddit.com/r/VirginiaTech/comments/bg69dt/psa\_this\_is\_a\_pyramid\_scheme/](https://www.reddit.com/r/VirginiaTech/comments/bg69dt/psa_this_is_a_pyramid_scheme/)

I hate them, they leave cards around that say something like work in school or idk, and it seems fine, but the card doesn’t say anything about the nature of the job, or even Cutco Cutlery/Vector Marketing. Very sus.

They just want you to guilt your friends parents into buying overpriced knives.

Also with regard to MLMs, if you see the name "Amway" come up at some point in whatever the opportunity is, it's an MLM.

The whole handshake site is plagued with their "positions"

took me a second to realize this was MultiLevel Marketing scheme (MLM) and not men loving men (MLM).

I went to one of their little meetings before I realized what it was and the guy running it was flirting with a 17 year old up until she mentioned her boyfriend. Real class act. Stole his training manual and never looked back.

r/antimlm I hate these companies that prey on college students

Biggest scammers out there. When a job requires literally no experience, knowledge, says you will make shit ton of money easily and allows anybody to enter... that company's product is you ! You can only make money by recruiting other idiots and fuck them over. Please don't fall for it people, no matter your circumstances !

Cutco is a go-to example of bad business practice. But their knives are kickass unfortunately

[removed]

For what it's worth, everyone I know who ended up at Cutco didn't hate it nearly as much as people in the giant MLMs like amway or the leggings one.

That being said fuck em and all MLM's. Back when I was still officially a college dropout I was desperate for work and they will lie to your face throughout an entire job application process just to get you to onboard with one.

20 years ago, I was returning home for summer from my freshman year of college. I had a letter addressed to me from a vector marketing company that invited me to interview for a position, stating something like $15 an hour. I was very excited as I needed to find a job fast. My gf at the time drove me to the office building like 20-30 min away. As soon as I found out what it actually was I was so embarrassed and annoyed at the waste of time. The look on my gfs face made me feel super pathetic when I told her.

I, regrettably, worked for them during the summer before my freshman year (last year) when we had the lockdown. Right off the bat, things did not look pretty. My manager was always texting me saying that I needed to attend some bullshit training session, or watch some speaker teach something and whatnot. It came to a point that every morning, I would receive a text asking as to how many appointments I was going to do that day, what knife kits I was going to sell, so on so forth every morning at 8 AM, followed by a phone call from them at about 10 or 11. The amount of zoom calls I was in during a day was ridiculous. Then they made up some bullshit ass rule saying that I need to call the office every time I finished an appointment and give them a rundown of exactly what happened. Not to mention how they made you install a certain app from which you would call people and book appointments. I’m pretty sure this app would harvest data and record phone calls to clients. I mean the level of micro-management in this company is fucking obscene. Every single Wednesday, we would have a sales meeting for 3 hours. Now in my mind, I thought “damn, a 3 hour meeting, must be a lot of important content.” Turns out each sales meeting was basically a frat party over Zoom where managers would shotgun Red Bull’s to try and hype people up to make phone calls and call people all at once. Each one of the associate managers would kiss up to this one big bearded fat dude who ran the Fairfax Pilot office and claimed he had 30 mil in Cutco sales. The ironic thing was that this guy was the one preaching about how not to be a sleazy salesman but the way the script was written was designed to make your clients ears bleed and have them purchase something from you just to make you shut the fuck up.

To any Vector Marketing people who are reading this, you want to know how not to waste your time, and other people’s time, and actually sell effectively? Watch this:

https://www.instagram.com/tv/CQr2Uo_HJ3Z/?utm_medium=copy_link

Don’t pay attention to who is talking but focus on what they are saying. And if you still think that the Cutco script is correct, you can take your homemaker knife set and stick it up where the sun doesn’t shine.

Thanks. I know I'm late to the party, but I just got asked to schedule an interview by them and Glassdoor had obviously fake reviews. I just canceled my interview. What a waste of time

They are most definitely an MLM scheme. I worked for them for a few weeks. Right off the bat, the first thing they have you do when you get there is write down the contact info of as many people you know who you think might want to work for them, and they offer you I think it was $20 per person who actually signs up (only if they make a sale). Then the next thing they have you do is write down the contact info of as many people you know that might want to buy the knives. They suggest this is solely so that you can get practice and is not meant to push you into guilting your family and friends into buying expensive knives. Well guess what, that's exactly what they do. They have you read a script and when you get to a certain part you have to call the manager so they can close the deal. They essentially pressure them saying it'll help you start out and gain a few sales. On top of all of this, at the end they have you ask the family and friends that you just guilt tripped to write down 10 referrals of "wealthier people that they think could afford the knives and would be most likely to buy them." And this is your only way of gaining any customer list. The commission is based on your total sales, so you start out at like 5-10%, so even if you pressure them into a $1000 knife set (not even their most expensive set, which is over $3,500) , that's max $100, which is less than you can make in a day at McDonald's. 95% percent of people realize this after 1-2 sales, so you barely make any money yourself, but you add on average like $1000-$2000 for the company, plus you recruit another few people and the MLM scheme continues. Lastly, almost immediately they pressured me into paying to attend a conference which was $250 (more than I ever made). They convince you its a great source of knowledge and its a great way to meet more experienced salesmen who can help you reach the next level. Wasn't anything that I couldn't have learned on YouTube. The only positive thing I can say about this company is that at least the knives are decently sharp (still not worth the absurd price). Do not work for these scam artists, they use young teens and college students because they know it will make it harder for your friends and family to say no!

I got hired from this company just today. My training starts next week. What should I do?

i know that im super late to this but i just got hired and everyones actually very nice to be but after seeing this post im not sure how to quit. i was a little suspicious but i havent given any of my bank information i dont know what to do or how to quit without them asking why because i would feel guilty when theyve been nice to me

I had a group interview with them years ago. They said “only one will be hired.” I was definitely paying attention the least and he’s like “we’re choosing you.” Immediately I knew something was up. Told me to be back later that afternoon for orientation and I just didn’t go lmfao.

Wish I did my research before I sent in an application

[deleted]

Hate all you want but that job brought me to many trips out of the country and landed me a job making 6 figures at 22. Stay mad lol

Why are they allowed to market on Indeed and other job sites? Thats very predatory

Fascinating podcast on MLMs:

https://pca.st/podcast/1a177af0-9754-0136-7b93-27f978dac4db

No this is so obvious. One day I get a call from vector, they told me someone recommended me to be apart of it. The person that recommended me was a kid I barely talk to

Glad I looked this up

[deleted]

I just got offered an interview with them God damn. This is the second time too. The first time was when I was in high school and my friend tried to get me in cuz I needed a job. Their building looked sus as fuck so I did research on the company and decided an MLM wasn't a good idea...
The position they were offering an interview for me is $20.00 an hour with no experience required in sales. Guess I'll be looking elsewhere.

I just got offered the job and hung up and blocked him. I answered blandly and he just went on this tangent of “well you seem very goal oriented” all I said was I try to set goals for myself. “You seem like a hard worker” he never asked me about my job experiences or what I’m doing for school and how I’m accomplishing it. Very freaking sketchy and just blocked. I went through the entire thing cause I wanted to hear it for myself. I’m so glad I found this Reddit post.

I literally just got a text from them today. all it took was a quick google search to go "screw that" the person who somehow got my number claims that someone i haven't heard from in 3 years works with them and recommended me for a "summer job for $25" didn't get the name of the person right on the first time and then didn't say if the 25 was hourly, on commission, or whatever else. once they told me the name of the company, i looked it up and found this subreddit and multiple class action lawsuits and there own website having an entire page dedicated to "No! We are not a pyramid scheme guys! we swear that we are totally legit!" everything just reeked of bullshit and my bs alarms were going off. don't fall for it guys!

So what should I do if I just got offered a job and have training next week and I didn’t realize what it was until now? How should I go about this? I need money… but I don’t want to be made a fool.

My friend just suggested that they might be an MLM right after I was like "I'm employed and no longer homeless!" ... heartbreaking honestly cuz my training was supposed to start tomorrow. Thanks everyone for convincing me not to partake any more than I have, luckily I wasn't able to think of anyone for them to scam during my interview.

It's 3 years after this post was made and I just saw a poster in my class adversiting for this company. I can only imagine how many people fell for this scam

They literally have a job bulletin they put up on campuses nationally that say "Summer jobs in <insert metro area here>" and nothing else.

Damn! I got this just recently and was very freaking sus but I’m still following up with the training and all😭

Their website is generic af too.

As coffeezilla says: ain't no MLM worth it.

Handshake is so aids

Middle level management is what my brain always thinks even though I know MLMs are essentially pyramid schemes.

Hey I'm going through Tujunga training do you mind sending a copy of their training book to me PRETTY PLEASE!

yeah somehow ended up with scissors from there and they are great😂

I have a great knife from them. Felt bad for the salesman as he is a friend. Tried to warm him but he had to learn the hard way apparently.

They sent me a text message saying the same thing once but it was addressed to my family's cat.

I always know a company is a scam if they try to recruit you, but don’t say anything about what the job actually is.

>said fuck em and all MLM's. Back when I was still officially a college dropout I was desperate for work and they will lie to your face throughout an entire job application process just to get you to onboard with one

I'm 17 and a girl in my anatomy class recommended me to this thing. I really want a remote job. Now that I know that it's an MLM, it sucks. My plan was to rack up $200 and dip since it's a pyramid scheme. I need $200 before school starts for supplies. Should I do that or is it not worth the risk of joining this MLM at all?

>have them purchase something from you

Isn't their whole deal like "we have flexible schedules and you work in your own hours" ? Because that's what they're saying to me. I do not mean to follow up with them though, but I set up an interview, and I want to see the severity of this issue (how crazy it is) before I completely drop it. Did they lie to you about the flexible hours thing as well?

Is this locked onto instagram. Insta sucks bro.

How has your experience been so far?

You don’t owe them anything. They’re a bunch of scammers and people who fell for the scam. Walk out.

Im sure you have buddy

Hi! I was just googling Vector and came upon this thread. I got a text this morning saying someone recommended me also but the person is the son of someone I used to work with. I’m not “friends” with this person on any social media so I was wondering how they even connected me to him. I sent a message to the guy but haven’t heard back. I’m supposed to have a virtual interview this afternoon (which I agreed to before I researched them bc I figured I can always cancel) *sigh* I need a job so bad damn it

bruh

Low key, Dr. Sands is a pioneer in some LED technolgies, had some patents, and made some $$$$.

I honestly didn’t know he did any of that work. I just like calling him Timmy Sands

damn, may have to start eating lightbulbs

Cool ~~ranch~~ white incandescents were his after school snack of choice in high school.

All that world class research just to change a logo...

Good for him though, he's had a crazy successful career.

hilarious!

mmm cronchy

Yeah, they had us the first half, I'm not gonna lie, they had us.

[deleted]

Can he please go back to lightbulbs instead of becoming increasingly more incompetent as president?

What a dweeb

Generally, to get an admin role at an R1 university you need to first have a successful academic career. So alot of the deans and stuff that seem like total jabronis have a pretty impressive list of accomplishments.

Yeah I thought everyone had a story of seeing Sands eating lightbulbs behind Burrus

Every administrator I've met is indeed a jabroni. It varies, but a lot of them may have done something cool in the 80's and not done anything relevant since.

I even wrote one of my application essays about our mutual love for munchin on a good lightbulb.

I JUST GOT ACCEPTED AS A TRANSFER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! SEE YOU IN THE FALL HOKIE NATION I GOT IN FROM NOVA AND IM READY TO START JUMPING

EDIT: Thank you all for the amazing support, I am so excited to join Hokie Nation the greatest family in the world!

AYYYYY ME TOO

I just got into engineering! See y’all in the fall. 😎

Hey, I got in as well, coming all the way from north west for my Ph.D. Congrats !

Congrats!

Same here! After being waitlisted last year, reapplied and got in!

edit: typo

let’s goooo

As an alumni,  congratulations,  enjoy your time at the very special place of Blacksburg.  Work hard, play hard, stay safe, be respectful, make friends and memories that will last a lifetime. Go Hokies!

SAME HERE! Got into engineering. Found out while I was at my job and screamed my butt off in the break room haha.

Congratulations to all on this thread

That is great!! I got waitlisted😭 I hope i can get in this summer!!

I got in too! Super excited

LETS GOOOOOOOO ME TOO BROTHA

Congrats to all! My son was just accepted as a transfer too.

AYOOOO Me too!!! I'm so excited! congrats to everyone who got in

That's incredible man! Congratulations!

Nice job, also nice name.

Congratulations!!!🎉

Welcome Home!!

Welcome home

YEAHHHHHHH GET ON IN HERE TRANSFERS ARE THE BEST

Congrats!

As a person graduating in a couple weeks:you're about to have the best moments in your life so far. The value I got from my experience here academically, professionally, socially, and even romantically is incalculable.  Make the most of it!
Congrats!

Congrats! I transferred here last fall so let me know if you have any questions about what comes next. I'll just attach a list of cool organizations that help out transfers.

\-TSO (transfer student organization): Cool club run by transfer students for transfer students. Does some cool activities and is a good support network to get questions answered by older transfer students.

\-Transfer LLC (living learning community): On campus housing that is filled with entirely transfer students. I'd recommend to apply early if you're interested as there are limited spots (I applied late and didn't get in). It is also pretty much the only opportunity to live on campus as a transfer.

\-Peer mentor program: Get assigned an older student in your major who previously transferred as a resource to help get acclimated to campus and answer questions. It is a great resource to get general and major specific questions answered by an upper classman. They also run some meet and greets and other opportunities to meet other transfers.

[deleted]

Congrats! You’ll love it here!

brooooooo me too as a transfer studentt I got into Industrial Engineering!!

I got waitlisted but I’m alright with that haha

Same here see y'all in August!!!!!

Congratttts

[deleted]

ME TOO! goodbye nova & hello blacksburg!

congrats, fellow hokie!! enjoy the ride hahah

Me too! Coming from Germanna, Can't wait to see yall!

Me too！！！！

Ahh congrats! Same here from NOVA! 😄

Have fun y’all, I’m jealous.  I just wanna go back to the Burg.

Congrats! Hopefully I’ll be your rival next fall lol

This place sucks

Congrats bro!! How do u increase ur chances of being accepted through nova?

Congrats!!! A transfer hokie here :) I transferred last fall and I love it here. SOME ADVICE: JOIN THE TRANSFER LLC! I met some amazing people while being here. Getting housing around this time is rough and a lot of the available stuff is expensive so I deff recommend (did the math, living in the llc dorm is about 715 a month). Hopefully you guys will have somewhat of a "normal" semester so enjoy your time here. Best of luck :)

Congrats man!

Thats what's up yall congrats bro!

Yes indeed

I got in engineering too! See you around!

Awesome thanks and congrats to you too!

Awesome congrats!

HOKIES!

Thanks so much, I'll be sure to have a great time!

Congrats, go Hokies!!

Hope that you get it fingers crossed!

Some of your instructors are not ok either After an email this morning from a student that can only be described as abusive, I am wondering why I even try to do this.

If your instructors are doing a good job, let them know. Give them a shout out somewhere.

I'm sorry, but not surprised, this happened. Pre-COVID I had a student email me at the end of the semester because canvas said their grade was something like 97.8, but by their calculations, it was 98.2. I responded that it didn't matter as the highest VT grade was an A anyway and the student complained to my dept head and dean about my "lack of attention to this matter".

Just keep your head up and know that there are students who appreciate you, it's just that they aren't emailing you at 3 am telling you how great you are. I learned a trick from a colleague, who tells students not to email (it will get lost!) and provides their personal cell phone number instead. It seems that the type of students who send abusive emails aren't the type to call and say it out loud.

I'm sorry that you have to deal with stuff like this. Some people are just rude and ungrateful, please do not take their abuse to heart.

Staff aren't doing so great either.   


I deal with so many more rude and abusive emails since this started. I know everyone is stressed, but I am too. I'm working 10 hour days most days while trying to help my own kids with school work at home, alone. I'm frazzled. It would go a long way if folks were just kind to each other.

As a student, I always try to send a note at the end of the semester to my professors who have been a help to me. I have had a couple responses, but it is often ignored, and when I have had the chance to say thank you in person, it seems to be written off as butt-kissing. I think the student/professor division at this university is caused by bad students and bad professors who dont consider one another to be human, and it causes normal people to act in the rude way you have described.

I’m so sorry :( someone in one of my classes was really abusive and disrespectful to both my professor and the rest of my classmates on a discussion board earlier in the semester. It was disheartening to see and it seems like online schooling has brought out a really nasty, keyboard warrior side to some people due to the classes being asynchronous. Please don’t feel disheartened! Your work is so important. Don’t let one jerk bring you down like that.

many times the loudest voices are the angriest. Don't let them get you down

I really feel that. Reading SPOT reviews can be crushing sometimes too. Most of the ones I get are really nice and sweet, but sometimes I get people with a vendetta against me.

I will admit I’ve sent some frustrated emails to one particular professor, but I had other people read over them before I sent them so I didn’t come off as incensed.  I did it because this prof is *incredibly* disorganized (not posting lectures until 5 days later, never replying to emails, no office hours, etc) and it’s impacting my learning as well as the rest of my friends’ learning.  He eventually replied and is changing his ways to help us, which I greatly appreciate.  

There is a difference between constructive criticism to help all parties, as I’ve tried to convey to my prof, and outright childish tantrums and abuse.  I am so sorry that whoever emailed you is abusive, because instructors are under as much stress as we are.  I promise on my end as a student, I am trying my best to be respectful to my instructors

Positive feedback is always good, but using an abusive tone in any interaction should not be ignored and should result in the student getting sanctioned for it.

Part of being an adult and learning how to deal with other adults is learning how to converse and correspond in a civilized manner.

I’m so sorry you’re dealing with this. Please know your work is appreciated and as a student, it’s honestly been awful not being able to connect with professors this semester in the way I’m used to. I am so thankful for every single one of my professors and the effort they’ve put in, it’s just that we as students often feel weird about emailing you all to tell you that. Thank you for all that you do.

As a TA I have also felt it. Students aren't nice to each other either.

I’m really sorry this happened. I will admit it’s very hard for me to be happy at the end of a zoom class. Some of my professors are also just not working with students.

Frustrated students might have no other outlet for emotions rn than emailing you. That doesn’t make it right but im struggling trying to just keep myself together, fed, and healthy. With that I have a great group of friends I met last year. But honestly without them I would have broken down by now.

I’m truly sorry that everyone is stressed, but looking in from the manufacturing world I would just say be thankful you ever had it this good.

[removed]

Had a professor who incorrectly graded some things in my earlier years. I talked to them and they initially denied it then after some back and forth said they were going to fix it but never did. Sometimes you just get crappy professors but I would still would never support sending abusive messages to them.

Sorry that you have to deal with entitled children. Hope you are staying safe.

That's actually kinda funny (I know it isn't for you, especially if you are new/going through p&t). What department head has time to deal with that kind of petty shit?

I would just file that whole interaction away and wait until the student comes asking for a letter of recommendation in a few years.

My professor did some calculation mistake for my grade as well, but I politely send him email and showed him my calculation. He immediately caught his mistake, and apologized me. Moreover, he even gave me bonus points as an apology. I really appreciated that.

I feel sorry and I am sorry that there are students who are disrespectful and you have to deal with them. In our culture, we are taught to respect the one who provides us education. They are most important person for you.

Yeah, that's not creepy at all....give me your cell phone number instead of your email. That may have worked in 1999 but now that's probably not a good plan.

I second this. The office I am in gets so many rude and demanding emails. In person visitors are the same, unfortunately. Some people are so dramatic when they don’t get their way or are not catered to.

Word to the wise: You will find people to be much more helpful if you are kind, and lose the sense of entitlement.

I'm pretty surprised by this. I'm a student (who normally does pretty well) and I'm so stressed out trying to get everything done online that I'd be much less likely to send any emails about anything these days.

I pretty much just spend all day trying to get things done on time. If something gets overlooked, as long as it isn't huge, I'm letting it go.

But I also don't see why people would be sending angry emails anyway. Noone is out to get anyone. We're all just trying to live our lives.

Clueing, can you clue us in on who wants this format? Many students are disappointed to see almost all courses for spring are virtual. How can dorms be open, sports teams practice, grocery stores and restaurants be open, but classes with masks not be in session? Is it Tim Sands being risk averse, is it the lawyers, or what? Even the CDC says school should be in session.

Oh good I’m glad it’s not just me who has their emails ignored haha I always try to send really genuine thank you emails to the professors who’ve really helped me and I was worried I’d offended them or they never received the email or something but I guess it’s just common for them to not reply

Sometimes, no matter what you do, it is hard to be taken as earnest.

When I was working for Amazon we were doing a security review for a product launch (Simple Notification Service).  Basically it was sit in a room with some guys and they ask questions about things and try to identify areas where the product could leak data or be abused and such.  One of them said something like, "You guys really gave this some thought" or something like that.  I replied, well, security is everyone's job.  They looked at me like I was an asshole making fun of them.

&#x200B;

Anyways, you should end your emails with a mild insult so they know you are serious.  Like: "Just to make sure you understand I am not just brown-nosing, I'll include this insult: Your jokes are as stale as your socks.  Please get it together."

It would probably be taken better if you sent it after the semester was over. That way there is no way it could be interpreted as point grubbing.

Excellent point on another downside of virtual learning.

i didn't realize my job isn't real :(

you’re part of the conspiracy sub as well as a sub that describes itself as “free thinkers.”

Sit the fuck down.

I wish everyone were laid back and let things go instead of getting angry. Everything is fixable. If you run into an issue reach out, we’re here to help. 

It wasn’t totally surprising to me because it’s always happened. It’s just worse since March.

I hope the rest of your semester goes smoothly and spring is easier for all of us.

Unfortunately no. Staff aren’t really involved in those decisions and we don’t get notified of them any sooner than students. I could guess, but since I’m not in the room where it happens I have no idea really. 

I think that’s where part of the frustration comes in. Students are frustrated, and take it out on us because we’re the ones they deal with, but we don’t have a say and are just doing what we’re told.

It is literally 100% of my job to help students. So it isn’t conducive when they are aggressive and name call and such. It makes everything harder to work through and defeating.

Haha! Thats really good advice for people you have a daily relationship with, but I would be reluctant to say that to a professor.

I always do

I think some are having a lot of problems with the online courses, and many students are having mental health problems. VT Admin is really underestimating that issue. They need solutions (like in-person classes and discounts for virtual courses for full time students that are keeping this boat afloat).

How I’ve been feeling with online classes... (credit goes to someone on fb)

Lol I made this

Ow that’s too real

For real tho is there any downside to doing this? I have one class that has a lot of essays and I don’t really want to do them if I don’t have to...

Credit to you then!! Upvote this man^^^

[You made this?](https://knowyourmeme.com/photos/1079173-i-made-this)

I mean not really lol still need to get a C tho

If you want to raise your gpa and already have good grades then taking a cc isn’t what you want since the credits don’t effect your gpa

Appreciate it :)

Just curious, where’d you get it from then?

Chicken parm teens group on Facebook

Virginia Tech WBB takes down the #3 NC State

I've been a Hokie fan for 35 years and I've watched more women's basketball games within the past year than the first 34 years combined. This team is special, trending at the perfect time and maybe even better than last year's team! 

-GO HOKIES!

We remain undefeated since Jan 18. That’s 6 wins in a row including 3 against ranked opponents

Team is really starting to fit together like they did around this time last year. Major steps up from Ekh, Summiel and a couple of the freshmen recently. They're definitely capable of making another deep run

Go Hokies!!!

I was so happy to see our Hokies beat  the #3 team. Now we're at the top of the ACC all by ourselves. I love watching Georgia and Elizabeth play together. Now they can put us in the top 10.


 H-O-K-I-E-S, we're the Hokies, we're the best!!!

Maybe now we'll actually rise in the rankings

Talk about having NCstate # - sweeping them 2 straight years.
NC State is #3 in the nation and in 4th place in the ACC

Our State pt2?

Starting following last year. Incredible team to follow. Hoping they sell out their last three games (already sold out UNC)

Ekh has really been fun to watch. Can hit 3s like nobody’s business and change the dynamic if Amoore is having a bad game

Let’s!

They better move us up at least to #11-12

WERE NOT AS BAD AS LAST YEAR

That first half begs to differ

Second half was awesome

That o-line is going to be questionable, hope they improve

I don’t hold last year against them, Fuente messed up the program so bad, last year’s team was just trying to pick up the pieces.  Second half showed promise, I am excited about the possibilities for the first time in years.

Not as bad as last year *so far…* 😅

Win had a BEAMERBALL vibe to it:

Good punt returns, safety on a punt (thanks ODU) 
no TOs (+3) partially block FG. No missed FGs or Xpts.

GO HOKIES!

Was there one good run up the middle all night. The OL did not seem to run block well at all.

Probably at best a 7 win team this year tbh

Not a chance they will be bowl eligible. If you have basic knowledge of football, you can see they still have a lot of issues. No offenseive identity, the O line, D line and LB's need a ton of work. Not staying home, missing assignments. It is going to be a long year.

[deleted]

It’s ODU, not Penn State

The team looked really good 2nd half.

I’ll wait until after the Purdue and Rutgers game to make a judgment. The play calling and Wells throwing were major issues in the first half.

If vt plays like they did in the first half its going to be a long season

In what way? We played clean football, limited mistakes and left the field with a 6 point lead. Clear improvement but if you want to complain that’s on you

Jennings is looking like a legit star - 
He always wanted to be a HOKIE but Fuente passed on him and he went to WVU then ODU.

This is Home.

They won 3 games last year. 7 wins would be a huge improvement. I'll still agree, 7 wins is the ceiling but I wouldn't be surprised if Tech finished with 5, maybe 6 over UVA to get a bowl game.

The run game on both sides of the ball is a major red flag and if they can't get that shit figured out in a hurry they're going to lose a couple very winnable games.

Most predictions I saw had them at 3-4 wins

A bowl berth would be huge for this team this year.

GO HOKIES!

Although the run O and D is a concern, Wells' passing improved as the game progressed.
As he gets more comfortable with his receivers it's looking like VT's big play, deep ball threat will give them puncher's  chance in close games.

VT lost to ODU last year

6 point lead against ODU. They didn't even earn the safety.

If we make a bowl game I’ll be extremely happy. This is a multi year deal. Fuente absolutely decimated this program.

3-4 wins would be under their season total which was O/U 5.5 on most sites I saw.

They have to probably go at least 2-2 or 3-1 out of conference to get over 5 wins.

We fucking lost to them last year and played a horrible first half against them last year and we were down at half. But again if you want to complain about clear signs of progress… that’s on you.

In today's college football, slow and steady lands you in the AAC.

Lol you’re right we should’ve just lost the fucking game because you would’ve complained either way 😂

You really don’t know what you’re talking about but that’s all right.

no u.

I promise you in the grand scheme of things I know more about the direction of the football team than you do and that’s not even your fault either

My dad is Whit Babcock, and he says you don't know a god damn thing.

Of course a baseball merchant like whit babcock would say I don’t know football. I have not seen him once in the football facility!!! He must be at the baseball facility selling our program out for more strikeouts

If you have ever or are currently parked like this in ANY vt parking lot I hope both sides of your pillow are warm and your ice-maker leaks water all over your floor

and then when you clean up the water on the floor, i hope you miss a spot and then step in it with your socks on!

I hope you never get off Fridays, and you work at a Friday’s that’s always busy on Fridays

I hope you win the lottery and lose your ticket

ngl there’s no lines on the ground so if this person was there before the other cars….

no clue if this is the case here but sometimes when handicapped spots are taken this is how ur supposed to park if u need handicapped parking

Good job on removing the license plate and following sub rules!

I can't imagine they'd be so protective of a clunker like that. Hanlon's razor.

The most non offending insults ever! 😂

[deleted]

Cushion of protection

One would think that they could have someone actually repaint the lines given all the money they collect from permits and tickets.

I’ve seen this happen too many times. Is there a way to call parking services on them? Like not to be a dick but parking is almost impossible to come by and unless you’re paying for two passes this isn’t right

People who park like this usually end up keyed. Then they stop.

shoutout to the brodozer parked next to it

Parking Services should make them buy another permit.

Omg I saw this the other day when I was trying to park I was so pissed

To be fair, there’s no way to know who parked there first.  It could as easily have been the two cars on either side that left the extra space

Another whining post in this sub, seriously what's with VT this year? So students have nothing better to do than post petty complaints on reddit?

This generation is too sensitive

Aye yo that’s my whip. Fuck you for posting this, I couldn’t let anyone get close to hitting it so I decided to take up 2 spots. Sorry I don’t own a piece of shit vehicle like you.

Truck and a cargo strap or two would fix this

It could have been from earlier cars beside him. Don't be so quick to judge you never know when it wasn't their fault. I understand the frustration but have some compassion and realize other things could have caused that. Also be careful opening doors and stuff I had a friend go to jail over a "hit and run" because the guy had a hidden camera and took him to the cleaners.

The beginning of this was funny as sh*t but I feel the middle/ending got ppl in their feelz 💁🏽

And then you go outside and step in gum and dog shit. Simultaneously.

I hope the zipper on yo jacket get stuck

What if everyone parks wrong and it's actually supposed to be 1/2 of a parking space off from where it is, but since everyone parks offset and the lines are gone, nobody knows

you’re right. but if they do this for handicap reasons they should still display their pass! otherwise tow them

This is in the middle of the cage, so the lines while faded are definitely visible, at least visible enough the other 3,500 cars parked here all figured it out.

I feel as though the logistical nightmare that would be outweighs the cost tbh

Yeah, I knew a guy who put cameras in his car and has gotten multiple people with hit and run charges. Be careful, it's not worth the lifetime of no career just because you got a little mad.

IMHO, calling out a dick move *is* Ut Prosim

[deleted]

Like you wouldnt be mad if you were looking for parking and some bozo took up two spaces

then be born in another generation

We get it joe…

Lol looks like noone can take a joke my bro. I laughed tho hahaha.

Poor

Old

Nincompoop

Thinks

It's

A

Cadillac

And yo headphones short

Oh I have them in mine, too. 

I'm just saying that people who park like that really don't care what you think about them (obvs), but they care about their car. People who get overly aggrieved by this behavior usually know this and act on that.

But yeah, don't mess with a Tesla because those cameras don't stop and are REALLY good.

This car could have easily been parked next to someone else who parked like a dick and then left. Or it could be an honest mistake, considering I can't even see the fucking lines right now. Even if they did park like an asshole, this post does absolutely nothing, it's pointless petty bitching.

Ratio?

Joe?

and your charger dont work, and you spill shit on your shirt

I don't mess with other people's stuff at all, I try to never be angry and just understand people. Appreciate the tip though. I do understand the frustration though, he might've done that to "protect his car". But honestly, stupid move if so because it's more likely to get fucked with now anyways than if he just parked normal haha.

If this was Twitter that would’ve worked

Joe mama

@joemama.vt.edu

Exactly.

And I mean, you gotta hand it to the guy for wanting to protect that... Pontiac.

The Burruss bells are the best part of this campus. I seriously stop everything I am doing when I hear these. They just make me appreciate this place and always makes me happier when I hear them. 

It also is so cool when I get to the quad outside of Hoge, and because of the sound you can hear them bouncing off the buildings, it is so trippy.

The best part is it’s not bells. It’s $40,000 speakers. But they really are an amazing sound to hear.

I completely agree, I love the bells. They add so much to the experience of campus. Will never forget walking across the drillfield early one morning, covered in fog - couldn't even see the other side, and the bells went off. It was so eerie and magical at the same time

I think the most memorable memory I’ll have of Blacksburg after graduation is walking across the drill field during sunset while listening to the bells chime.

This is a nice post, it made me smile :) , like to see some positivity here when people focus a lot on negatives.

My favorite part is the recognizable songs that are in the rotation, like “Here Comes the Sun”

I hear them in my prof’s online lectures sometimes. It really wasn’t something I cherished until I was home.

I'm glad someone likes them because it drives me insane every time

If anyone ever comes across a quality audio file of them, I've always wanted them to be my ringtone :)

I don’t think I’ve ever seen them before

yeah when i heard them for the first time i was like "!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"

I always have such a great time on the drill Field just reading underneath a tree when the bells go off

I adore the bells, they make me so happy. My first two weeks on campus, I genuinely wasn't sure if they were real, because they were so faint, no one else seemed to respond to them.

Late at night they super creepy tho

Shhhhh don't ruin the magic!

The best part is that since they're just massive speakers, they aren't constrained to playing bell music, that's just the .mp4 files that some very secure computer in burruss is given. What that means is that theoretically you could abosultely BLAST any song or audio or whatever you wanted if you had access to those speakers

Scarborough Fair is my favorite!

I love the Beatles songs and as a Liverpool FC fan, I really get a kick out of hearing "You'll Never Walk Alone" wafting across campus.

I heard New Mother Nature by the Guess Who one time.  I thought that was so random.

if you ever wake up early on a foggy fall day and hear the bells, it really feels like a harry potter setting

Living on the Burrus side of campus makes it so much worse

Maybe try listening instead of looking

Those bell sounds don't play through a computer actually. They play through a $40,000 electronic [carilion](https://www.vtmag.vt.edu/spring11/feature2.html) which plays these 'bell' sounds!

\*coughs\* rickroll the entire campus \*coughs\*

I know this post is 5years old but after reading this, I googled it and it turns out there *are* actually real bells playing the songs, just that they are tiny bells and the speakers greatly amplify their sound. According to an article from 2008 that is, may have changed since then.

That was the one nice part of walking to or from my 8am classes freshman year

Ray Ray McElrathbey (Clemson player that just had a Disney movie) describing Lane Stadium in an AMA today. Thought you’d all enjoy this.

And kudos to him for using both “it’s” and “its” correctly. Not something you see much on the Internets.

Link to comment: https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/kn90y3/comment/ghj543r

Anyone able to explain this ???

Probably because we’re able to deafen audibles when they’re on offense, we’re on defense etc. miss those loud games. You know it’s working when a timeout has to be called on the opposing offense. I wouldn’t say we’re the most intimidating but the increased angles of stadium seats probably help. We don’t have much capacity. A decent stadium has the capacity of 80,000 or more fans but we make it matter with less.

Missing Lane, naturally

Welcome to the terror dome

As someone with a love for stadium's I always found it weird VT never went the enclosed bowl route, granted everything was phased in separately.

Back in the '80s, there were bleachers behind the end zones.  The Corps of Cadets would relentlessly jeer the opposing teams.  Their seats were right behind the visiting team.   Does that still happen? (when COVID wasn't a thing... I still expect to see players running around in personal bubbles one day, or playing remote through VR goggles.)

:)

I noticed that too, but reading more and more of that AMA, his masters in communication clearly shows. Plus, he convinced Clemson to let him raise his little brother in his dorm - the man clearly has a way with words.

There is a new Disney+ movie about the hardships and experiences he overcame while playing football at Clemson. Someone asked him today on an AMA (Ask Me Anything) about other football stadiums.

It's not the size of the ship...

There’s only a handful of college football stadiums in the country that are domed, why would VT do that?

Also, we’re a military school. Can’t have those flybys inside. Not to mention that this region is famous for its foliage during the season.

As someone who’s career only made noise in the beginning because of [shots like this](https://imgur.com/a/EoLtpJS), I am damn glad VT never wasted money on a dome.

The view from Lane is really nice in the Fall, I like not having a dome just for those saturday afternoon games with nice weather

the corps sits in an awkward spot to really be personal/worth it to try with the visiting team, being in the SW corner.

God I wish the Corps was behind the visiting team, I can only assume we were moved because of that. At Air Force we're right behind the visiting team but our leadership always told us to be professional...

Not really.

https://imgur.com/a/urgwFK4

Yellow is where the opposing team’s spectators have sat since the east stands got their first renovations and expansions in ~1994. (Every one of the 4 zones has been renovated and expanded since then, some multiple times).

Blue is where the Corps of Cadets sits.

Green is where the student season ticket holders sit and those are the only remaining bleachers. Everything else is an enclosed permanent structure. The bleachers you’re talking about were all removed in 1997/1998.

Yeah, but why does he think that Lane is a grim dark black hole? Is it because of the tunnel onto the field?

😂 lol

I believe you mistook his phrasing. Him referring to “enclosed bowl” meaning stadium bleachers that rap around the entire field, rather then the gap at Lane from say East to north stands. Take FedEx field for example as a enclosed bowl stadium. 

A dome and a bowl stadium are two different things, but yes I agree a dome or roof would be pointless.

God I wish that was different, we're not really near anything of interest, as far away as we can be from the other students

They told us to not "cross the line".  But Freshmen especially were encouraged to make fun of all kinds of things.  Especially drill sergeant style insults.  Nothing like 20+ people in unison yelling something like "Hey #27..."

You’re thinking physical description whereas Ray was describing his emotions. Basically, Lane Stadium crushes you and is like no other stadium.

well we can also talk about Ray Ray's actual experience with Lane too.

He played for Clemson back under Tommy Bowden. In 2006 the #10 Clemson Tigers came to Lane on a 6 game winning streak.

They lost 24-7 in a big time Thursday Night game

Probably night game + plus a lot of dark maroon

Ooh, well that makes so much more sense. Between the other comment making the same mistake and me googling “how many college football stadiums are domed” and really only finding a handful, I was definitely confused.

And in that case, yes, it is completely a result of the stadium’s piecemeal renovations from the 80’s to the 2000’s after not being touched since the 60’s.

> not really near anything of interest and as far away as we can be from the other students

You just described the Upper Quad too. 😏

Lane Stadium *used* to crush you. It hasn’t been that way in nearly a decade. Closest I can remember was maybe Miami in 16, Thursday night game. Or Clemson in 17, when College Game Day came to town.

Ray Ray was on the #10 Clemson team that got embarrassed in Lane on a Thursday Night in 2006 for reference too

I believe that

I too remember beating Clemson from time to time.

Turners breakfast is nice, the walk to class is pretty short too, and downtown is amazingly close. but yea I’d rather be closer to the dorms/lane/parking

I was going to suggest the 2010 Georgia Tech night game from my freshman year, then I realized that was actually over a decade ago, and now I feel old...

Probably. I haven’t been to a game or payed attention to the team since Boston College ‘07. Was never really my sport, just a wild event to attend with friends.

What about 2018 Notre Dame Saturday night game?

Convenient is not synonymous with interesting.

Out of all campus, thanks to the power plant and other temporary/rundown/old buildings, your part of campus is the ugliest and my least favorite.

And the sidewalks make no fucking sense meaning every non-cadet that doesn’t have to walk roomba-style cuts through and destroys any hope of landscaping.

Not even 10 years ago, the offices for the College of Science were just a pair of trailers in the middle of the Upper Quad. Looked right at home.

I feel yea man. I honestly never thought turning 30 was possible 😂

I still remember screaming in the fourth quarter of that game. Every time I stopped screaming my head would start pounding - it hurt so much. Only way I could make it stop was to start yelling again.

I wasn’t there. So can’t say. I do recall that game being over pretty quick though.

yeah at least 2020 Upper Quad is nicer than Upper Quad of 2010 and more liveable.

Like i was sad to see Monteith go after living there for 3/4 years, and same with Brodie and Rasche

But they were all objectively shit as dorms

Just wait till you turn 40.

I stayed in Monteith one night back when they made two floors of it a girl’s overflow dorm. It was really shit, and that’s coming from someone that lived in Pritchard when it was all guys.

But... but, my body already feels busted and rickety at 30. You mean it gets worse from here!?

I live close to one of these signs. Every time I drive by it, my brain breaks a little.

Vermont Technical College

Virginia Polytechnic Institute of Technology and Polytechnics Tech College University

Incorporating the logo into the freeway sign is dope!

Ol’ Virginny Tech

Years and years ago I was involved in the decision as to what vt’s domain name would be.  The professor who got to pick it wanted vt.edu.  I said that’s the state code for Vermont, people will get confused.  How about vatech.edu?  Too long to type he says.  Less than a year later someone confused the hell out us saying he was driving to campus for his girlfriends commencement and could he get a temp account so he could keep working on his thesis.  Except it wasn’t commencement.  He was going to univ if Vermont and assumed vt.edu would be it.  Had to explain that they were actually uvm.edu (universitat verdis montes or something like that. From their seal.  University of the green mountains. So easy to guess) I

Vipysoo School Of Something Or Tech, LOL We're Townies

I’ve driven by that sign in Vermont so many times lol

Same energy as saying RIP in peace

Good ole Williston Vermont

Ah yes, good ol’ Williston, VT

I was working as an intern in Vermont one summer. Seeing that sign caused my brain to short circuit about twelve times.

We only use the full name when we're mad at it

Ahktually, it's Virginny tech tech college 🤓

Close - Universitas Viridis Montis, yes University of the Green Mountains. Great school, of course I'm going to say that as a graduate of UVM. But I now have a freshman son at VaTech and a freshman nephew at Vermont Tech, so this post hits super close to home. Being born and raised in Vermont, I'll reserve my opinion of where "VT" should only reside.

VT's Most Effective Weed-Out Course

Show me statics and dynamics. I feel like those are weed out courses.

Data Source: [University Data Commons](https://udc.vt.edu/)

Side Note: CHEM-1035 was also the course with the lowest average GPA in a course with at least 50 enrolled students for the Fall 2020 semester.

It is wild, because it isn't hard, it is just the first class you have to study, like real college study, for.

I’d like to see one for PHYS 2305. That class is just awful

Wait *really?* Amateis is the absolute best, and they really do *everything* to make that class not suck so much. I'd seriously think Calc 2 or physics would be worse than this.  


The *lab*, on the other hand...

I remember ECE1574 being a big "weed out" course for the ECE department. I'd be curious to see the data for that class.

I’d be curious to see the same graphic for the Intro to Engineering course.

I’m glad I got chem credit in high school from everything I’ve heard

Can you still average a 40 on the tests and finish with a B?  I swore this course was going to force me into summer school but really it was just my introduction to bell curve grading.

The lab associated with it is also one of the worst experiences I've ever had in my life. The women who run it are the textbook definition of Karens and they're ableist. I had to file a discrimination complaint against them twice in my freshman year.

Is there a way to see this for every class?

Engineering weed-out course: Statics

I remember when I took the class in person, our exams were in Surge so after every exam I’d just sit at the singular picnic table and sulk

Can anyone actually give me a good reason to make the courses this difficult? (other than to make the students retake the class and make more money for VT) If a class has an almost 14% withdraw rate, I feel like there’s something wrong here that’s more than just lazy students. A student cannot benefit from a class that they are meant to do poorly in. Maybe it needs to be taught differently or something but these always felt like a huge scam to me.

My problem was that I scheduled 8am Chem in McBryde. Might've been 9am, but too damn early

Why did withdrawals drop so much

Yep, I dropped it 2 weeks into this semester. Best decision I’ve ever made

Anyone gonna mention ACIS1504???

Weed out? No..... WEED in 420 smoek erryday n199A

If anyone's reading this and needs help with an upcoming gen chem exam, I might be able to offer some help! It's for sure a weed out class and for some people the material just never clicks. Spent a good amount of time while at VT tutoring people in gen chem though!

Somewhat related question...how do you know which classes curve in the end vs. use straight percents?

For instance, does Calc 2 use the percent from their spreadsheet, or do they ever curve for the  final grade?

\*Laughs in CS3214\*

CS1114 had 92 withdraws for 512 enrollments. The average GPA is also 2.58...

Stactics I think is a weed out class but dynamics is just a pain class

Statics for sure, but dynamics? 

Annoying af, but if you've made it that far, chances are you're gonna stick with it

[Here's Dynamics](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1-hw5l0G44Kiz8x2IK-Ddc4-adqV8L4TN/view?usp=sharing) (ESM-2304) and [here's Statics](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1be5KyGi8gr4Jhymo4lfASPIYGNKt8zNd/view?usp=sharing) (ESM-2104)

Makes complete sense, too. In my experience, high school didn’t prepare me how to actually study. This is a culture shock for many students, and I learned it the hard way. College has taught me more how to apply certain methods than actually learn content, but I’m grateful for it.

The lab tho 😳

Also this sem it requires lockdown + webcam so it's much harder for people to cheat (which would inflate the avg gpa). Withdraw % definitely went down because extended drop though.

I do think a lot of it has to do with people refusing to open the textbook and rather just complaining, but that definitely isn't all of it

Man I yearn for the days of old general chemistry lol.

2306 was like ten times worse though

Chem is worse, both classes depend on the professor.  Statics was always touted as the last weed-out class—even with Roger as your professor it is difficult for most.

I will never forget the last day Roger telling everyone “if you did poorly in this class, it does not mean you will do poorly as an engineer...” and 7-8 years later I’m happy to say I’m doing quite okay.

[Here's the PHYS-2305 graph](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1il_9GdLL3NHMewtJHhhuDv30o23uFg-6/view?usp=sharing) that I generated for the Fall 2019 semester.

[deleted]

Fall 17 it averaged like a 2.8 but Spring 18 was up to a 3.2. Then it went back to the 2.9 range until they re-did the curriculum

[Here's the ECE-1574 graph](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1cP4_jXoA6gmY2gar_8JqJpYgjS7lMc5e/view?usp=sharing) that I generated for the Fall 2019 semester. What u/Iceman9161 is saying is likely correct for the other years.

No way, that class was super easy.

D.C circuits tho...

Isn’t on the necessary course track, so not many people take it now.

how is it possible to fail that class

>Intro to Engineering course

I did something similar last semester where I generated the graph for every course offered in the Fall 2019 semester. [Here's the graph for ENGE-1215](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1m62lUwOHh6nX8IWtnTpYoN9T9eKZ2AL3/view?usp=sharing) (Foundations of Engineering).

Just curious, what’s the curriculum like for that class now?  Do you still do CAD drafting and some sort of programming?  When I went it was CADkey and FORTRAN.

The overall chemistry labs are the worst. OCHEM was similarly run by people who I wondered who hurt them in their life to make them the way they are.

You mean there’re more than just Victoria Long??

When I took Chem 1035 and the lab I had to drop the main course because I was having issues. Fortunately they let me continue doing the lab and was able to knock it out separately. Just doing the lab itself was tedious/awful enough. Was really glad I could knock it out and get it done with and just focus on the Chem 1035 course by itself the following semester. Made the experience far more pleasant.

Check out [this Google Drive folder](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1AQ1YI5RRm905-FGXOb8ZngEeUS5MEeOJ?usp=sharing). It contains the graph of every course (its a lot). It uses data from the 2019 Fall semester. If enough people want it, I'll generate an updated Fall 2020 version (maybe with some new style). If anyone has any feedback of the best way to distribute this, I'm all ears.

I mean it isn't fun, but Chem is definitely on the easier side of the classes you take when it comes to a full engineering degree. You have to actually study and practice, but as long as you put in the time, the actual work to do on the test isn't that bad. Once you start the test, you're only gonna lose points for not knowing something, becasues there isn't any sort of equation to fuck up. Hell, 18% of the grade is completion grade homeworks and iclickers, plus with the drop test, the class is way more forgiving than most 2000 or 3000 engineering courses.

it’s not that hard. it’s just the first course people have to study for to do well and students fail to do that

Only scam class is intro to engineering. Just a big fucking waste of time. You learn nothing and it takes a full year. Chem was just a kick in the ass to study.

I heard it might have been cuz the drop deadline was extended in fall 2020 so there was a choice of dropping rather than withdrawing

> ACIS1504

[Here's ACIS-1504](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1FN_uO0XlxVa_gpRpwYtQqI0TcUtHuTDx/view?usp=sharing)

My grades will never recover from this.

What's wrong with it being harder? It's all open note? /s

Except when professors are line “This is a 90 minute exam. I know the finals time slot is for 2 hours, but it’s actually 90 minutes, including submission time.” Or when other professors are like “You have two hours to submit this exam, but it’s a 60 minute exam with an hour to submit, so double time students get 3 hours.”

F 2020 ... no motivation , it’s been really rough

The computer systems test is the longest most brutal test I’ve taken at Tech.

I’m gonna have to spend my birthday doing a difficult exam today :(

Can’t relate

damn open note my exams are proctored through video and audio monitoring software which sucks, should be an invasion of personal privacy but you know Covid... fml

“Since I can’t have you take the exam in person this year it’s going to be all free response without partial credit instead of multiple choice”

Doesn’t really help sometimes especially if you’re timed

Any test is open note if you try hard enough /s

Well sometimes grad 6x courses don't even have a defined source material.

My 2505 exam's double time students get 6 hours. It's kinda hilarious.

Happy Birthday!! I hope you do well and hf!

okay but that DEFINITELY got me a 5 in APUSH, so.... :L

Thanks! I hope I do well too.

Basically VT

Not enough scooters

It's Chicago Maroon and Burnt Orange, dammit

El Rods for life

Except our Mexican food is expensive lol

How could would it be if we had an airport that went to Chicago and Atlanta!

I don't know if it was cheap but I ordered so much from Chinese kitchen. Couldn't get enough of their chicken sticks and fried rice

To be fair, every hotel (that has a general manager who’s got 4 functional braincells) adjusts its pricing based on local events and current availability. Its supply:demand and I’m honestly surprised that so few people understand the concept. It sucks, for sure, but if you had a limited commodity you were selling that everyone wanted, would you keep your price super low?

You’re damn right it is

Does anyone know why I can’t post to r/virginiatech

Charlotte is only a 2 ish hour drive for a better airport, not too terrible.

our color isn't even crimson its Chicago maroon, and it sucks seeing the top ag school in the country having the voting results it does

That scooter part is so strange here. I rarely saw scooters when I was here; most were just electric skateboards.

Even though 90% of the time the “maroon” on merch/clothes is just burgundy

Lunch specials, hell yeah!

Can thank the 45% rule for food being expensive in bburg

And awful! If I'm wrong please recommend some good Mexican without curdled sauce from chef Mike.

Roanoke airport counts in my books

it doesn’t suck. If you want to visit during peak times and create a bunch of lines at restaurants and traffic everywhere then pay for it. 

The lack of hotels to meet peak demand helps keep the peaks lower.

And cheaper flights than Roanoke generally.

They were everywhere in 2019-2020. You couldn't walk down a sidewalk without getting passed by someone on one.

45% rule?

Tacos el Tio is good (and more affordable), little food truck on 460 business

El mariachi across from the hospital is very good. A coworker from Arizona who knows good tacos said ones he got for lunch one day were the best since he moved up here.

And it even goes to Philly and Charlotte

Greensboro is also a good option, often cheaper than roanoke as well

That's strange, cause I was also here during that time and I remember I didn't see that many.

Restaurants serving alcohol in Virginia must make 45% of their sales on food vs beverages. It’s part of why food in Bburg is high. The other part is the prepared food tax.

Thanks for the tip!

I was also there around that time and there were abandoned scooters on every street corner 😭

Not the news I wanted to hear today

I knew the UVA win was going to save his job. I hoped
It didn’t, but I knew it would.

Nice meme!

Boy oh boy will the fire Fuente chants be loud during the games next year assuming we have fans at games

I gotta say, nice meme!

Things you hate to see:

This.

Nice meme!

I feel like commenting "Nice meme!" is a meme of which I was previously unaware.

I'm just as upset about this as most folks but I think the call is correct here *if* this is the situation.

Whit supposedly wants to move on from Fuente and had a list of candidates but the top ~3 or so said they wouldn't take the job. As much as I hate Fuente, do we want to spend $10m, hire our at best 4th choice for HC to a +5 year contract and potentially be even worse a few years down the line and facing basically the same issue but with a different HC?

Fire like all of the Offensive staff maybe but I can't imagine spending $10m on a buyout and not having a good replacement.

Nice meme!

That’s a funny way to say that he’s being fired... 🤔

This is a good decision if you want Liberty to be our in state rival.

It's only because of the buyout of his contract. After 2021 he's as good as gone.

Babcock is a cocksmooch.

Ain’t right to fire someone in a pandemic, silly season, spend all that money on a buyout when athletic department just had layoffs this week. 

But 2021......

I know its hard to say but i would have sacrificed the commonwealth cup for Fuente to be fired. He can use covid as an excuse this year but if this shit happens in 2021....

Interesting discussion. The team was going to go in a different direction. But he called a timeout at the last minute

And one of our worst recruiting class in years... Fucking hate to see VT football ungracefully exit it's long-time era of consistency and somewhat decent success. I'm glad I caught the tail end of it... But sad I have to watch it deteriorate before my eyes...

Fuck Whit

The guy isn't Frank Beamer in his good days, but he is also dealing with problems on the field -- his "kids" as he calls them. Players have been involved in football since Pee Wee league and the fundamentals of tackling, blocking, and keeping your cool should be ingrained in each and every one of them. Yet how many games turned when tackles were missed and a 5-yard play turned into 40? How many games turned on an untimely sack because the defense blew right past the "blockers"? The same guy three times cost the team points with a stupid 15-yard personal foul penalty, along with other stupid penalties that shouldn't have happened.

Yes, it all comes back to the coach, but one has to have a lot of talent and ability to walk on the field at Lane Stadium. If the players are coached up on plays and schemes, but don't deliver, it's hard to pin that on the coaches.

Fuente probably isn't right for Virginia Tech, but right now he and his staff are what we have. It would be a slap in the face to the folks in the Athletic Department and employees across campus to write a check for $10 million for one person to walk away from his job while others got nothing but were told "walk away, we don't have enough money to pay you."

Nooooooooo !!! 

It was expected 😞

Start a donation page to pay for his removal. That's the only way theyll do it

I'm glad. you can hardly blame any coach for the shitty hand dealt to football this year. plus his buy out is huge.

I think it would still be the same even if we lost at home to uva but if that’s so this is why I don’t feel bad hoping we lose out in garbage seasons if it would mean getting rid of a coach. I’m just not content with 6-6 seasons. That’s just me. Some fans may be fine either way.

It’s like being happy being a C- student

Hey, nice comment!

I hope so (unless the unlikely chance he takes us 10+ wins). Embarrassing if it becomes a loud chant. Fans should never boo the players though. Just the coaches.

Memes gotta start somewhere

It's only $2.5M less next year...

And who’s genius idea was it to sign him to that in the first place. It wasn’t deserved at all. Way too premature. His only success was with Beamers players.

That ain't just a smooch, that's full on uvula smashing.

Nah he needed to be fired before this season. We have immense talent on the squad and he’s just squandering it away.

Bastard should’ve been fired years ago

You’re definitely not alone, same here. Been a Hokie since 2006 it’s painful seeing this.

>  It would be a slap in the face to the folks in the Athletic Department and employees across campus to write a check for $10 million for one person to walk away from his job while others got nothing but were told "walk away, we don't have enough money to pay you."

It's a slap in the face to everyone here that he's making $4M+ a year for producing such awful results. It's a slap in the face that he was given a payout of this magnitude with no justification. It's a smack in the face that his contract was *extended* before he even fielded a team of his own recruits. And it's a slap in the face that he will continue to coach and produce horrible recruiting classes and lousy results on the field because Babcock doesn't have the balls to send this grifter packing and then resign in disgrace for the millions he has cost this University.

Exactly. We should look at last year's performan...oh, well, nevermind.

Im also not content becoming a Tennesse or FSU. Be careful what you wish for

If we’d lost to UVA in back to back years after a 15 game win streak, lost to Liberty for the first time in school history, and snapped our 28 year bowl appearance streak all in a little over a year, heads would have rolled.

C’s get degrees fym

It's $2.5M less today than it was yesterday. It stays at $10M until we can buy his contract out for less after the '22 season (~$9M). ~$5M after '23 and his contract ends in '24.

It would have been terrible since the athletic department just did pay cuts and layoffs. Taking on another 10 million dollar expense at that point would have been bad. 

What we need is fuente to shake up his staff like Beamer had to after 1992. If he doesn’t. It’ll be more of the same in 2021.

Nah it’d just be blamed on Covid. VT is notorious for not making drastic athletic changes when needed. Auburn and South Carolina sacked their coaches this year so it’s not a terrible move. VT isn’t as serious as other programs.

True but it’s not fun flirting with the 2.0 GPA line being “ok” or potential academic suspension. You are right though, after your first job GPA doesn’t matter much but still, few are happy with a 2.0 range GPA, I was just below a 3.0 and didn’t like it but yea it did get me the degree.

>It's $2.5M less today than it was yesterday.

And that combined with other factors clearly wasn't enough to get rid of him. Realistically with COVID, dude was never leaving after this year.

Don't get me wrong though, I would have a very frank conversation with him that if doesn't win the Coastal next year then he can find a new job.

[deleted]

Haha I just like the joke, I have over a 3 as it’s basically required for internships and things like that. I definitely wouldn’t advise actually following that lifestyle lol

I'd prefer us to move on from the Fuente era and get Gus, but I get why, especially this year, we won't.

I hate to say it, but VT doesn't have that deep of pockets.

Are you in the college of engineering?

Gus who? Malzahn?

Weaver’s legacy.

Yes

If anyone says they don't enjoy being in a stadium, they haven't been in one. H-O-K-I-E-S hokies haha damn I am missing it more

You ever been to FedEx field? Place is an absolute dump, worst fan experience in football. I love Lane but would always rather be on my couch than in shitty FedEx in a shitty part of Maryland.

Is that the terrible duke game?

It's shocking to me how strange this photo looks given this was the perceived "normal" much longer that our new "normal" with the pandemic has been around. I want this back so, so badly. I feel hopeless.

I definitely prefer to see it in a bar.

Man I was having a good day until I remembered that this isn’t going to happen for another year :(

My job takes place almost exclusively in stadiums, and I've gotta say no fans is 100 times better.

Enochlophobia is not real, cause, you know, football. GoKiEs!

[deleted]

Same, the difference between the one WFT game I've been to and my first game in Lane was night and day. One I wouldn't go back again for, and the other made me fall in love with college football.

>Shitty part of Maryland

As opposed to?

I've only been once, and it was the 2012 game against Cincinnati so I only associate that place with disappointment.

My family had Football Team tickets for 65 years. We eventually dropped them in 2005 when Snyder tried to jack our ticket price up from $79 to like $139.  Way too much money to spend to drive to the middle of nowhere and watch the team suck in a terrible stadium.

Which one?

looks like it

Dude its not that deep

I never particularly enjoyed it myself but I think the point is with COVID it's hard not to miss big crowds like this to some extent.

If you don’t know where FedEx field is you wouldn’t understand. Its like how the 49ers stadium is an hours drive from San Fran. Land in DC is $, so Washington Football team owner bought the cheapest land in the area in a not very nice area in Maryland. Nothing around the stadium and terrible traffic to get in and out of the area.

Whoosh, went over my head and just started drinking my coffee. Cheers

Fuck, that was a tough game. I was in the Endzone when the Cincy WR caught the last second Hail Mary TD.

Yessir it's duke

[deleted]

Lol all good, I hate FedEx too, such a shitty stadium. Happy Sunday

[deleted]

I'll agree with you there, I would've worded the title differently if I were making the post.

Yep exactly. I downvoted the post because of the title. I even gave football a try, but I still hate it with a passion. And it's mostly because of the people.

God fuck fedex field. As if Washington hasn’t had an absolute dump of a football program for the past two decades, a shit stadium to match the years worth of shit play on the field. 

The fan experience is so egregious from the shitty logistics associated with getting to /from the stadium, overpriced food and beverages, and then all these years a racist ass name to boot. Plus with dc so transient of a town so many goddamn away fans, also a result of the fan base just giving up on fedex. 

Hey dan snyder, move the stadium back to DC. The answer is NOT TO MOVE THE STADIUM TO LOUDON COUNTY. that would inherently alienate the shit out of the historically so strong and large dc / Maryland black fan base. 

Better yet, sell the team to overlord bezos. Lord knows that android could turn a franchise into a well oiled machine. “The Washington prime” has a ring to it. 

Anyway, lane is a breath of fresh air from the wasteland of fedex. Allow me to hop off my soapbox now.

There are just better ways to express what you mean.  OP is trying to express that he / she misses being at Lane and seeing a game.  Awesome!  Some people don't like it, and dismissing that is just shortsighted.

Perhaps most of us can just brush it off and say "I know what OP means" but it also expresses something that just isn't true and that kind of talk is a bit toxic.  I went to Tech for my major and to do some other things, not for Football.  I never went to a game and had a great time at the school.  I miss it but I don't regret not seeing a game live.  It just isn't my scene.  These posts just make me roll my eyes.  For ever time that you might have gone to the stadium, I went to the observatory just outside of campus.  Different strokes.

I kind of like that idea of Bezos buying them out.

How about the

Washington Fire (you could even get a burgundy flame with gold tip)

Or have him buy it through the Post
Washington Post Fighting Woodwards

My family was cleaning out our basement and we found this beauty

Got a copy of that and the commemorative RC Cola bottles in my old room at my parents' house.

edit: and the Andre Davis "They Belong" SI Cover.

I have this too-

Just noticed the background is a pattern of VTs

GO HOKIES!

That was my senior year.  What a time to be alive.

No idea if it was intentional, but it really does seem cruel that they put that gold border and title in. It makes the overall color scheme look like FSU garnet and gold, especially since there's so little orange by comparison.

Cool find, though.

Let me get dat

You selling?

Yes. And those games and Vick really were amazing.

Probably not, its too cool to pass up

Welp, since this might be a possibility...

This right here is a top quality shitpost

https://www.cnn.com/2020/03/09/us/coronavirus-university-college-classes/index.html

Harvard, Princeton, Columbia, Ohio State, USC, Berkeley, UCSD, Stanford, Washington, and a few others have already closed campuses. I think VT closing is inevitable.

This better not fucking happen I need office hours too badly.

Great reference.....but what'd I miss?

[deleted]

It truly is, I somehow and for some reason miss this commercial.

Vanderbilt is closed until the end of the week and then online until April.

Office hours via zoom if they do move classes online.

There's this small pocket of sickness going around. But you shouldn't worry too much.

*beep. boop.* I'm a bot that provides downloadable links for v.redd.it videos!

* [**Download** via https://ripsave.com](https://ripsave.com/download?t=653l5m95csl41&f=653l5m95csl41_720.mp4)

* [Downloadable soundless link](https://v.redd.it/653l5m95csl41/DASH_720?source=fallback)

* [Audio only](https://v.redd.it/653l5m95csl41/audio)

First link is active for 6 hours. Mention me again if it is down

 ***  
[**Info**](https://old.reddit.com/user/VredditDownloader/comments/cju1dg/info/)&#32;|&#32;[**Support&#32;me&#32;❤**](https://www.paypal.me/synapsensalat)&#32;|&#32;[**Github**](https://github.com/JohannesPertl/vreddit-downloader)

I feel like the tornadoes that just swept through Tennessee could also have impacted this in addition to all the virus concerns. They also have a student who claims to have tested positive, I’m sure if any student or faculty in Blacksburg tests positive things will shut down for a bit

That sucks though. Teachers are going to need to upload themselves lecturing on like youtube or something.

I just was confirmed for flu strain A yesterday. Its a doozy, you do not want it. Best part is you're contagious with it for 24 hours BEFORE you show any symptoms. Its sweeping through the area pretty fast.

Thanks, but I was talking about the online classes.

Vanderbilt wasn’t affected by the tornadoes. It was in a different area of town. They announced they weren’t affected by the tornadoes at all last week. This is all because of the virus. Belmont closed today as well.

One of my professors has actually been able to use Zoom to do live lectures.

There is a contingency plan for professors to do online teaching if tech has an outbreak basically. It’ll be up to professors as well but they’ve been told to be more lenient with attendance and accommodate students who get sick with potential online options

This: classes will be live but on Zoom

Puddle on the Drillfield

[removed]

🤤❤️

Thanks for the new screensaver 🦃

Sweet shot

godamm

Damn, this is a beautiful pic. This belongs on the Tech homepage. You could probably set yourself up a pop up shop on homecoming weekend and sell a bunch of these prints.

I do not sorry, the image is the highest quality it'll be

Blacksburg definitely has some chill spots

Tim sands roof

Planning on going to Tech this weekend with my girlfriend. Is this place really as pretty as the pictures?

Let the guessing games begin!!

Blacksburg is the definition of a chill spot.  Just wait until you meet the real world

op really took a pic with like 0 constellations that i know visible so I cant even determine orientaiton

The hill? Golf course

Fantastic shot 

I may just have to move back to Blacksburg

[deleted]

If you can find the entrance to brush mountain road, it’s rarely used and there’s an awesome overlook that you can see down both sides of the mountain

If you like mountains rivers and creeks you’ll be in heaven

Yes!!!  Sunsets from the drillfield are unreal in the summer :)

I used to live in the back of the Maple Ridge complex. This was the view from my bedroom window https://imgur.com/dTNtz

The meadow? Up by Nellies Cave Park

It was taken looking east.  The small diamond of stars to upper left of center is Delphinus. The bright star near the top middle is Altair in the constellation Aquarius. Jupiter is the really bright star on the right,  with Saturn to the lower left of it

It was taken with a Canon EOS RP with a 20 second exposure and some light painting on the grass and touched up in Lightroom and Photoshop.

Yes it’s very important to note that it has its own character. Very outdoorsy, primitive vibe. At first I wasn’t a fan, but when I left, I realized how amazing the New River Valley is.

Ding, ding, ding

Yes, I suppose it feels “primitive” compared to an endless suburban sprawl hellscape.

I’ve lived in Blacksburg my whole life so to be honest it’s just trees and shit lmao

Saving this so I can take my girl here.

Between the parking lot and the pool?

Yeah, I think “primitive” is a little harsh. I’d say bucolic, outdoorsy, and gorgeous.

Lol I'm from the south and this is exactly how I describe the area, except trees and feilds and shit

Just so you know the park is only open from dawn till dusk. I had to get special permission to go out at night and take photos. I wouldn't go after dusk because it's located directly off a neighborhood street and the neighbors may call the police if they see people out there after dark.

It's at the end of Shelor Lane. It's also only open between dawn and dusk, so I wouldn't go there at night. I got special permission. https://goo.gl/maps/967kKnbgrtC9rJEf9

I think I’ll pass... thanks Reddit!

Reddit needs to check its algorithm!

For a company made by uva grads you’d think they’d be smarter than that lmao

They call it artificial iNtElLiGeNcE

That made my day!

LMAO

Would be pretty funny if they decided to send this out to like 10% of the subscribers here just to fuck with us

HOKIES Women's Basketball upset #3 NC State on Liz Kitley buzzer beater in front of 1st regular season sell-out in program history! - GO HOKIES!

Coach Brooks gets alot of the credit for the W here -

major halftime adjustments and brilliant final play call - 

GO HOKIES!

imminent payment dinner hospital narrow vanish observation edge fear adjoining

 *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev/home)*

🐐

I've been to tons of VT sporting events and that's right among the top few for most fun. Electric atmosphere during the big run in the 4th quarter and obviously for the game winner

YEE VT

1st regular season sell-out in program history? That's shocking but also impressive

shes our jokic

Go Hokies!!!

Go Hokies!

The fans were out of their minds too... the last 5-6 minutes of the game the fans were on their feet and loud as fuck... it was amazing!

The great inbound pass helped a lot also.

Metallica commented on an IG post about Enter Sandman last night! https://www.instagram.com/reel/CwtZGlbPeEW/

It’d be so cool if they played it live

reply hobbies simplistic hungry serious reminiscent hat ask dinner skirt

 *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev/home)*

Enter Sandman live.
https://reddit.com/r/OldSchoolCool/s/2pQTt2JG6d

With Metallica's history, they'll probably ask for royalties

We’ve been saying that for a long time. If it hasn’t happened by now I’m not sure that it ever will unfortunately :( Battle of Bristol was probably our best chance with how many fans were there

I hate to say this, and I'm not trying to be Debbie Downer I'm just trying to temper your expectations.

Logistically, this can never happen. There's not the infrastructure to support the massive crowd that Metallica would draw from the immediate area and WV, NC, SC, TN, and MD. People will go a long way to see a free concert with a band that has the draw that Metallica does. People always reply "what about ticket sales?" and to that I say it's free, and even if it weren't people are going to try  to show up anyway. Ask anyone who was here when Trey Anastasio played or when Brad Paisley played or when the Concert for April 16 was here... the town got really full and let's be honest, nobody involved with that was/is as big as even the Dave Matthews Band. The town just doesn't have the resources to deal with it. 

I'm dreadfully sorry to be the bubble buster, but there it is.

Flashbacks to 2015 when someone saw “Metallica’s bus in Roanoke”

There is always time for a Blacksburg pilgrimage

Doesn’t mean you can’t make the trip at some point! I had the opportunity to go to a game here way back when I was in middle school and I knew from that point that this is where I wanted to be. It’s truly an incredible experience both as a student and as a random person in the stands

You need to get out here

it will be free on Napster!

Yeah, I’m sure realistically it’ll never happen for the reasons you listed, it’s just a fantasy I’ve had since I first got here.

Yeah, they sell out shows charging a lot for tickets, basically they would have to just do a surprise playing of it just for the hell of it. Maybe we can get a video from them at some point. Even that would be pretty awesome.

Yeah the only way it works is if Metallica did VT a solid and did a surprise pregame rendition of everywhere sandman. 

That's a lot of moving parts and favors given.

They don't have to announce it. In fact it would be better as a surprise for the fans. The crowd would go berserk and the game atmosphere would be off the charts.

Of course, it would be best if the game was sold out. A night game would be optimal.

If we're gonna dream, dream big!

Just to clarify, are you saying no one involved in the concert for April 16 was as big as DMB? I’m a little confused by your wording…

Yeah, what a shame 😔

I thought Brad Paisley was a breeze

We did get a video once

https://www.espn.com/video/clip/_/id/24914986

No, I'm saying DMB < Metallica and this town barely had the resources for DMB. No way could it handle a free Metallica concert in Lane or elsewhere.

Gfy

Compared to what a Metallica appearance would be, it absolutely was. He was riding a niche high when he came. Now imagine one of the most successful bands from the last 35 years with the power to draw from the several surrounding states would be like given the meager resources the town has.

I remember that! they played it before games all year!

Always representing

While I'm not sure where the person went to school, imma guess William & Marry. What even is a 'Hokie'.

WHATS A HOEKIE

I got my 4d Sahara the other day! Love it.

Do you know where to find big VT flag sticker?

Very tasteful. Good job

It’s probably hockey. VT is Vermont. Must be some Hockey team from Vermont.

I got mine at the campus emporium on main

[deleted]

That’s where I got mine.    I want to know where to get the Hokies sticker?

U both are probably right, foolish me.

Ah I just search Etsy for a Jeep hope decal!

Person with a gun? Any info?

To everyone reading you can find the most recent VT alerts [here](https://twitter.com/vtalerts) and [here](https://vt.edu/). As per the most recent update everyone near downtown please continue to shelter in place and stay safe.

Edit: shelter in place has ended

I no longer live in town, but wanted to say I’m thinking about each and every one of you and hope everyone stays safe.

"Be advised, shooter came from northeast (indistinct) graveyard area" -Scanner @ 12:35am

Fire department here resolve the lift assist side story

This poor bastard. There's people in Anchorage probably that hear about your lift assist and now know where you live

Update from police: multiple people taken to hospital for shooting occurring at Hookah bar. https://twitter.com/logansherrilltv/status/1489857526011211776?s=21

Hokie house and tots have been boarded up and are still on lockdown. People are safe inside.

Guys, everyone is running if they’re outside. A lot of people are probably just trying to get home after tonight. Students are always out this late when in town, this is when things start to close. The wind feels like it will burn your face off 😭 No one is going to take a lovely stroll in this weather

if you aren’t sure of the info do not spread

WTF, four suspects???

Police scanner just said they have a suspect at gunpoint

Walked out of champs and definitively saw one person on the ground. Police were directing us away but not in an urgent way. Casings were literally right outside champs door. That’s all I know

My sister and others are being let out of champs now

Police scanner said multiple patients being sent to hospital.

They just said on the scanner someone matching the description was outside Torg

Just saw 2 ambulances heading downtown from the EMS station on Patrick Henry

Are the people posing as cops related to this shooting they're talking about on the scanner?

VT Police scanner just said to prepare the hospital for 4 or 5 patients

"Bypass westbown over 100 very light traffic conditions"

Sounds like multiple cars on persuit

Everybody follow the official updates. Treat any and all threads with scrutiny

"Students in Newman posing as police and knocking on doors."

I'm really enjoying the lift assist side plot

Add an unconscious overdose to the mix

police scanner just said person matches description near torg hall

“Got him at gunpoint” 12:58 AM on scanner

NRV just got sassed for that vandalism call jeez

There will be reports and information spread all night. Only a % of which will be true. Regradless, stay safe  and don't take any risks!

Just heard so many cops drive towards downtown

Has there been an official release on what the suspect(s) look like? People calling in for every person walking the street

"Eyes on it." -CBurg PD.  Sounds like they're right on top of em'

Edit: I should add what people have said below, we don't actually know if these calls were related to the shooting.  My first time listening to a scanner and I felt caught up in the moment.

people are apparently pretending to be police knocking on Newman Hall doors??

Will we get an all clear alert?

"got him at gun point"

"GOT 'IM AT GUNPOINT"

Did anyone happen to catch the morse code on the scanner a bit ago

Did he just say suspect in custody? I can't hear shit on my phone.

I think they're trying to keep details not on the scanner.

12:44

"anyone know more about what's going on, let me know, just give me a call please, keep it off the air."

Dang... Shit is popping off tonight. Overdoses, shootings, car jacking now???

"Everybody's suspicious at this point" lord give me the strength

Suspicious person knocking on doors at Newman Hall to let them in. They claim that they are a police officer but caller confirmed that they are not a police officer.

Are there multiple suspects? How many are in custody?

My sister is in champs right now and said no one is being let outside :(

12:57 "got him at gunpoint" - hell yeah

In custody

Three suspects walking towards apartments?

[deleted]

Shooting occured at Melody Hookah bar, Logan Sherill states:

[https://twitter.com/LoganSherrillTV/status/1489857526011211776?s=20&t=3VTg7Vf9IGErItmKpNOCrA](https://twitter.com/LoganSherrillTV/status/1489857526011211776?s=20&t=3VTg7Vf9IGErItmKpNOCrA)

I cant find any news on the situation of the survivors, praying for their health!

I have never panicked nor ran as fast as I did tonight holding my best friend’s hand as we ran to our car after getting the text. 😭 I am so sorry for anyone that lost a friend or loved one tonight.

[deleted]

Sunrise at campus *chef's kiss*

Just amazing....

Beautiful shot, when was this taken?

Instantly knew it was you! Great work man!

[deleted]

Beaut.

I miss home

Incredible shot!

Fuck you chris

Nice shot!

At sunrise I assume.

It was shot in early May of 2020

isn't that a pretty solid "no, no" in blacksburg?

You know you love me

Wow! I was still living in my dorm on campus in early May 2020. Most of the campus was otherwise empty at the time due to covid.

I’ve only looked into it for recreational use and under 250g. If you see something I’m missing, lemme know - I want to be responsible with this stuff.

As far as I understand it, you can fly in Blacksburg as long as you stay under 400 feet. The airport isn’t the controlled type that requires permission or has exclusion zones that you have to submit a request to fly in. When you check the FAAs map they created back in 2017, there are no zones in Blacksburg at all. I’ve been using the airport zone on DJIs Geozone as a hard limit (not the warnings but the runway specific one).

Restrictions around events at Lane and the hospital are the only exceptions I’ve found.

This is what I’ve gathered from reading FAA site articles, the B4UFly app, and aloft.ai articles (they make the app for the FAA).

I’m a licensed drone pilot, in addition to that I have permission & permits with the school that allow me to drone there. Furthermore, I have a lot of droning experience, so I am aware if rules, guidelines, and regulations. A lot of the drone shots you see VT post/use on social media is created by me or other fellow VT photographers that are contracted out.

Was gonna say, isn't there an airport less than 2 miles from here

Part 107 only restricts you to 5 miles if the airspace is controlled—the airport in town is uncontrolled. Even with controlled airspace you can contact tower and request to enter. 

Technically the university has a policy against flying drones on campus without prior approval—how that is realistically enforced, idk

Ye but he’s a g

[deleted]

I’ve seen people flying on the drill field so not sure if it’s enforced.

[deleted]

2 miles is 3.22 km

5 miles is 8.05 km

Wouldn’t you be looking at the back side of War from the top of Slusher?

Although, I guess the only way they could enforce it is if they had drones that could shoot down other drones.  Which, honestly, would be pretty cool if not a bit of an overreach :).

2 miles is 3.22 km

The VT Police is proud to announce it's hiring for a new intern...

Golden hour at Virginia Tech (took these in April)

Beautiful!

Amazing, just gorgeous!

Thanks for posting this. Reminds me of better days in my mispent youth

Beautiful!

Liz Kitley announces she’s coming back for her 5th year!

Massive. Get some good transfers and this might be the best chance preseason that a VT team has had at a title in my lifetime

We just need Cayla King. Amoore+ King + Kitley+ Wetzel+ two transfer will be huge

Queens of the Cassell are running it back, let’s go Hokies!

Fuck yeah! Will Amoore stay?

Outstanding! Go Hokies!!

This is awesome

Great news. Build upon this in 2023 - 24

Wasn't she projected 8th overall in the WNBA? Shows you how much she wants that ring. Let's get that natty next year!

NIL coming in clutch

We do have 4 top 100 recruits coming next season to help Georgia, Liz and Cayla https://twitter.com/therealdcunna/status/1642204435387383809?s=46&t=pXIW8ayvCfaGtaQaFQ5yKw

Cayla and Liz have played together through AAU, HS and VT.   I suspect they will both be returning.

Does that mean Traylor and Soule are gone for good?

Cayla King just announced she is returning, along with Kitley over the weekend announcing she will be back, and Amoore again, this squad is well stocked for another return trip deep in the tournament next year. Hope that success becomes the standard in Blacksburg.

Georgia Amoore is currently a junior

Bigger question will be if Amoore comes back for her 5th year after this One

I think it’s that she wants a ring, but it also speaks to 

1) How small wnba salaries are (average league salary is $106k, #1 overall draft pick gets $74k on the rookie pay scale)

2) With good NIL deals the best women’s college basketball players can probably make decent money

Because of Covid, you get an extra year. T-Soule, Traylor, Geiman, and Greggs all used that this year

Probably less likely than this was cause she can't do NIL

I believe that Geiman has another year of eligibility but will likely graduate and take a great engineering job. (Fixed auto correct!)

Damn, they’ll be missed 😢, but hopefully we get some good transfer activity

Why can’t she do NIL?

Something something german engineering

Yeah, you're right.

She’s in engineering?

We are a good place to transfer to. A good coach with well-liked, established players, with spots on a starting rooster on nationally recognized team

International players aren't allowed to. I don't really know the logic behind that I just know it's the rule

Biomedical engineering

Think it has to do with student visa versus a work visa

Yes, exactly. Or else people would take night classes to get a student visa but then just work their career job. Hurts amoore though, you can’t even order a hokies jersey with her name on it but you can order anyone else’s on the team.

that explains a lot abt the jersey thing 😭 does anyone want to have an arts & crafts night to make amoore jerseys with felt‼️‼️

It do be a bruh moment when your professor has 3 different office hours times that you can't go to.

Definitely e-mail the professor and see if you can meet with them any other time. I suggest listing your available times so they can pick when to meet with you. And, don't just put after 5 pm times. They likely aren't willing to miss going home to their family for you.

Luckily most professors aren’t 100% grade A assholes, so most are able to work around that stuff and meet at other times.

"YoU hAd AlL sEmEsTeR tO sEe Me"

Oh no I’m not salty. My professor is really cool about it. I just thought it was funny.

Pro tip, most professors will make time to meet with you outside of office hours if you have unavoidable conflicts.

Great! I just wanted to make sure you knew there were other options in case you needed help.

